Hello friends you guys Sherin Coding School
you are watching and in this video we are a
AI AJ is going to be made just like Devin
You may have heard of a guy named Devin in the last few days.
You will know about the AI ​​agent which
is basically the company said that it is the first
I was a software engineer, nothing like that
I mean, I found out later that it was something like this
otherwise but we thought that we should make it
End
that's it i hope you guys like it
Liked the thumbnail If you liked the thumbnail
Friends, go and write in the comment section
read that bhaiya the thumbnail was very good you
You looked absolutely good, write like this friends
By the way, we talk about it back in this video
what is going to happen so basically a lot
You can find all such projects on the internet.
We meet in which friend there is nothing different
Nothing new happens right so we thought that friend
I have a big project for you
the video is quite long if you see many people thinking
It must have been an eight minute video, not an
I have written about hours, which means eight hours, so the story is something
It is such that in this whole video we
We will be creating an AI agent in this node
Express Mango Dib Things Around Him
I mean to say see that the same mind stack but
Some interesting things for you to see
We will get the right to use AI
You will make it your own A.I.
You can call it a software engineer.
The AI ​​agent might say something like
that you made for yourself like Javez
So here you can do a basic chat.
not with your people if you @ a
Use our application
We have added a feature, if you write @a then you will get a
You are promoting AI and if you are there
Will you mention that friend I don't need an express train?
If you create a server, it will be complete for you.
Express will create the server and provide tasks
Like this right, so for this we are building up AI
will use and as come already mentioned
This is Sherion Scoring School we bring
Top quality content that is fresh
Content friends means the same apps
If you make it then take the video every fourth day
We will come but we are thinking of something good
I will teach you in a gap of few days
Videos brings big videos for you
I highly believe you are coming in these videos
Will you appreciate the number of comments?
go ahead and do it friend please you guys
what are you doing, please understand and
by the way we are on
[music]
Two main functions will remain, first one will be the first one
Wali is an easy real time chat application where
But you are in the group a lot of things, that means
There will be a private group and you can talk in it
You will be able to do it with your friends apart from that
The other function T that is interesting is
Quite that is AI that we are brothers with AI
How can I tell him to create our server?
Do it and then make him run it here
First you can register your account or login
you can do this first you are seeing that
Real time chat application how it works
If it is there then I will already login
I have created my account after logging in
Here a simple pulse will make you very clean
UI doesn't mean much but here there is new
As soon as you click on the project, New
After clicking on the project you will be asked
What are you naming the project brother?
so here I am saying preview
The name of the project is we will create it
If you reload once after creating
Come here and you will get the preview
nice preview as soon as you click
So this project will open like this
You must be seeing a UI, UI that is
Not B is not that special but its
it's functional it's interesting here's one
You will get the button Add Colbet brother this
inside the project inside the project
Who do you want to add as a collaborator?
What is a good project? Your project
that means you are creating a server
Assume that it is your project
instagram2 this is some other user
The one I selected earlier
I had created this, click on this
Once selected, do this: Add Collaborate
well so after doing all this here just
Log in Look here now one thing you
will get that is collaborate and here are two
Two groups can collaborate within the preview
it matters ok so if i open it
I am here now and also from the other user
If I log in, look here
will come and will ask another user to log in
He will see it automatically, he will see it automatically
It will be seen that yes brother, this project
I am inside and here you open it
will you do it and now if you send some message hello and
Send it here, see this message here
You are coming here also in similar way
can you share the message, well this is just
It is a real time chat application which is just
It is private meaning that whoever is involved in this project
There will be people, only they will see this
The whole chat was good, after this we did one more thing
created do you know what here if you
Here if you write rate ai rate ai
you will write and here you will say hello and this
If you send it then I will go here
But the reply that has come now is this A.I.
he replies see what he replied
hi hello how can i help you today to sa
Kind of like this, in this type of thing, even AI
is included in the entire chat, meaning you can use A.I.
can you also talk to him about what he
I want to ask you something, I want some concept
If you want to clear some work and get it done then
If you can get that done by him also then this
It is just a part of your whole project
A bigger and more interesting part than this
there's still something left they're watching they're watching
I will see you in a while, look at it now
So I'm closing it down
Let's do it and make it a little bigger now.
Let's come over here and now I'm talking to the AI
Look, I am telling you a simple thing
I am brother oh brother listen create one
Create a very basic express server
Creating an express server
With
is 6
Features Features Like Import and ITS
If you say promote then you are promoting it
If you apply rate AI then that promotion which
that goes to AI so now whatever it is
That will be the response, the AI ​​will give it to you now.
The response that is going to come will be available to you here.
You will find it here if you look here
If you see, there is an AI and the AI ​​has given you
I have given some response and here is a file
If you come to server.js it has been created
See the complete code here, you can find the full code here
Input Express will be available on
datchi are used here if
You will see at the end there is an error handler and
Adeline is also doing it properly here
and you know there's a very small button right here
if you click on this button then it will run
Your server will literally start
here's how we've used the web
Do you know what are containers and web containers?
Let us enable you to install a
Yes, you can literally create a server.
You can create a server on your browser
You can create it and that is what we have done here
if I click on the run button
then a server will start and that server
so this is a complete
This is the overview of your project
You will see a project and you will create it
Let's do this on the coding screen, friend
Finally we are back at our coding screen
and start coding then the most
First, we will start coding the back end
And the user authentication part in that too
So what am I doing here, look here
I created a folder named Soyan
hoon soyeon for your software engineer
stands so here's another folder
I am creating a back end called
We will create another folder named backend.
and inside this back end folder
Terminal: This is your terminal inside this
Let's go to cd back end and inside the back end
we are saying it nawa kya express
If you want to create an application then do this
Now some packages are simple for us
Which packages to install with npm
i express mangas jisam apna like data
Mangas who store then we get a
after that we will need json web token
B-crypt will be required
we will need one more thing that is
Well
passer one we need dot nv and finally
We require some courses and some other packages
but when required then we will
I will install them, that's it for now
the work should be done okay so all these
Packages are being installed with
I am creating another file app.js so
In this app.js, use basic express
inila will do well one thing and one thing and
Last time in the comment you said that es6
If you wanted to use it then this time you should have used es6
here we are talking about type and type
The module is just imported in app.js
getting the express done
We are getting the import done
well then one more thing and one more thing here
Import Dr AV
Dot
Navi
I imported it from Dadvi and
we are doing confit with this so dot
dot kg will do this cop just so that you
If you can use environmental variables then one
I create the environmental variable here
inside the dr env file whose
The name is port and we give value to the port
if the port of your server is 3000 then
port 3000 will remain back on app.js
Come let's start the construction express
will do an equal to express inish is something
We will continue to use middlewares and keep using them
Express
json add use url encoded and we are here
Just one more thing I can do for now
I am creating a dummy route right now
I am creating a dummy route for this
We will remove those who use our routes
There are separate routes for proper
When the file is created we will use it Ali Dummy
If you are creating a route then type the route here
S Hello Word and exporting yes
I am exporting it from here
on export default pop so here we have
I am not getting it done, be careful, listen to me here
Listen, we are not getting another file
You have to create the file there
What will be the name of the file? The name of the file will be server d
If this is good then why not listen here
It means that it was done like this and it was saved
Why are two files being created? That is why
because we have to use socket and socket
come which you http which is your module
If you create a server with that then it will be enough
It gets integrated easily, that is why we
if you do it on server
import http
from ATTP
import a from and here i have extension
And I am telling you to read it and after this we
Here we will say create a const server and
finally server tallin port 3000 and this call back
Inside you will be saying that server is running on
port 3000 ok one more thing good here
pat 3000 will not come here p pot 3000
he won't come here what will come come here
You only need the port variable and that is it
Where can I get something good and I can do one more thing
because server dasa is your entry point
I am removing the dot NB from here.
I would like to use this on a server design
So that firstly the environmental variable conf
let it happen and at the same time
Constitution
port d av and here's what we're talking about
your pots will be fine and
Similar
You can use the port here as well
Will do string templates
Just like we created a boiler plate
diya will save your server
after that clear np eks ok just one last
One more thing we need to change is here in the main file
which is your server file not
The index will now say NP EXE NO DAMN ENTER
look the server has started now see this
If you want to test then do the test
where is the postman your good postman
We need to open it now so postman
Postman will open it, here is your postman
Let's create a tab here
http colon sl sl local host colon
3000 and if you send this then send it
After that hello world you can meet us here
it means that our own server is running
The server is running proper but I am missing one thing
And I want to know if there is any route
If any route hits, if it hits
if it is on your server then we can get its log
if he goes then what will we do for him
Let's download a Morgan there is a package
If the log shows you then NPA is
morgan install morgan installed
How will you use it after installing it?
Come to the file, after the ad appears on the file, it
do import
Import Morgan from Morgan and this app
do you ever initiate it just because of him
After that you can write p dot use magan dep then
This tells you what will happen if you run the server now
Start the node, enter it and go to the server
Now if a request comes from any route
If a request comes on any route then
I want to know what will happen next
It will work the same, there will be no change in the route
it will work the same way but but but
Do you know which route you are on here now?
Was the request made and its status
All those things were in the code response
You will know it, this is your Morgan
So setup your user or server with this
User setup has been completed, now the rest is pending
so now they see so now we have to see the user
what are we doing to set it up
do you know the back end folder here
Inside this we are creating another folder
A file named dv inside the dv folder
we are creating dbssoin0811
of connect and inside the function just wrote
Mangas will remain
dot connect and inside this you will use
Pras d avy mango u r i and mango yr i
after that you will use then dot then and
a call back inside the transaction and a call back
Inside you will have to say just one thing, connected
to database just that and in addition catch that
If there is some error while connecting to the database
If some error occurs then report it to the console
We are using catch to get this done
and i think i can move it here
And here it is good, now this function that you have
You can simply export the function that you have created
do it then
export default connect end connect
After that go to app.js which is your file
import this
import connect end
db.com its value is never read that right
yes you have imported it but
If you didn't use it then what would you do here?
yes we call connect but
Even after doing all this, VS Code still gives you
It may give an error here, please see what
It is saying already included file name this
this this differs from file name this this
this is only in the casing of brother's casing
There is a difference, but you have already understood it
It has been imported but we have not
so what will you do for him just one
I am telling you the command, will you run the command
shift p if i am on the cross otherwise control
What is the command if shift p is on windows
shift p or control shift p here again
Search, reload window and do it on this
Click reload window and do this
Click so what will VS Code do?
Takes a little while to reload after taking
The error that remains will get corrected automatically.
VS Code lags a bit sometimes
Glitch happens, that's why we save it
Now after saving, if you run the server
If you try doing this then there is a problem here
will come, do you know if it will open
You will face a problem and this is why
Because what is yours. which file is
ask him for this
RIA, I will get it consoled once
I'll see once I get it consoled
I am seeing if the value is exactly
If it is coming then inside the kasol dalog and log
we are getting prasad avi here
undefined we are getting undefined here
which shouldn't have happened I think
why was it needed because inside dot env
I have made Mango DV friend so I
I think this shouldn't have happened let's see what happens now
I am having a problem, I think I should read it
or this dot conf in server dice is its
problem is we are using es6 if you
If you use dot env then import all this
You just don't import and slush coughing
You just use it this much and now by doing this much
if you restart the server
still getting an error
Is
restart just one more thing i am checking
inside env we have named it as
Its inside Mango DBYRI and DBZ
my name is also [ __ ] you ria it is good
We gave you Mango U R I, we also gave you Mango D
UI made in nabi file just like this
There was a difference, now let's try it, see here
Pay now the server is running on port
3000 and connected to [ __ ] dv means that
You should have your own server and it should run successfully
It is also connecting to the database
it's been done now besides this we
What will you do besides this user setup now?
If you want to do then one more for user setup
The folder we are creating is models name
of models and inside the models folder there is a
We will create the file as user dot model dot js
We will import Mangas inside this file
from Mangus End
Const
User schema equal to new mangud schema
You are going to create a new schema, look
There are not many properties in the user right now
There will be very minimal properties
Only his email address and password will be available
Yes, we will keep only two properties
There will be a need for some more property in the future
If there is one then I will add it, but for now
just give him his email and password
Email will remain the same property
And in email we will be saying that bhai type
string will remain require true will remain unique
absolutely true bro because this email is
Will be a unique property like username
so we will give unique true trim true as well
Also if you say lower case here then here
We need to say one more thing, lower case true
And its min length can be L
ngt length six and this I put in a hey
I am giving you six emails which must be at least
Six Characters Long and in a Similar Way
I will give you more property for Max
What can be the max length 254 lot
It's too much, I'm saying it's only 50
I don't think there will be any more emails than this
he must be keeping it brother save it let's save it
after that the end email is done after the email we
You will be saying the password here
Password
end password type string all of these we need
not needed and just type string
Your password will remain saved after saving.
I need to create some methods, which ones?
look here you come
are the user schema
dot methods or here we have static methods
You can say I think
Stix Dot
We can create a method here to hash the password.
are the hashes of passwords and these are the
will only accept passwords
and returns the hashed password
Now how will he return with the help of
b crypt then
import bcrypt from bcrypt end
Here we will say direct return await B
cryptcompare good hash password good
Here comes the spelling of hash and hash
because it was written wrongly so he took it wrong
took
return b crypt hash bro 10 rounds us
you are trying to hash it or not to hash it
You will give two more methods and now you have to create them
is user schema dot method is valid password
And you will compare this with the help of b
Crypt Compare and Apart from that you will get a
There are more things to do because we are JW's
If you are going to use one method then you and
You will create a JW token to generate
If it happens then we will first import ZT
will import
zt from json web token and a method we
And you will be creating user schema method
Email this inside generated JW&Token
Email is fine, I am keeping the email only
JW Secret and more in one work
what else am I doing select this bye
By default I am selecting false that
Password Whenever you read the user or
If it is reaching the front end of the user
If you forget the data then by chance you may not enter the password by mistake
If it reaches there then it means there is more problem
It will not happen that he can see the password directly, brother.
it will go because we have already hatched it
but if a hacker is trying
It may happen that the account security gets broken
If there is a breach, he will get an idea
which algorithm can be used by
There's a chance he could think of an idea any way
if yes then it would be better that we don't use the password
sent to front end to save
After Generated JW t JW t
tell us the secret in the navi file
If it remains, then whatever secret remains inside the new file
So
N Secret This is my secret, just save it
After saving the function do this
That's great and there's just one more thing we need to do
There will be a user model, we will create it
whatever it is i will make it small save save
After doing that we just do export default
You will give this to the user, which you have created
I did it, I exported it from here
After exporting, the
what are we doing next we are here now
Creating Controllers Controller Folder
And the whole logic will be written inside it
We are the controllers for the particular end point.
creating controllers and
Inside the controllers folder there is a us controller
will create user dot for user
Design a controller, in this we will import
User Model
from models this file is exactly
Great, so here we have the user model.
Done with the user model now I am here
Look, some services need to be created
Here in my previous video I have written a service
Created a service folder by filing
was there so you had asked in that that services
See why you have created a separate folder
Services folder which is generally called
That's why you create your third
Party A is an interaction such as Mango
deb is the one that is the code that is the interaction
he's from outside your nut j server so who
things that reside outside of your server and
Your server is interacting with them
so what do you do with all that code
By creating files inside the services folder
If you write it is like this then what will happen?
The only thing that happens is that things
you are a model, maybe you will be able to do that in the future
If you change the database, you will change the database
So you don't have to change the whole code.
You will just have to go inside this service folder
The particular part uses the database
you might have wanted to use it
you should switch to [ __ ] dbcl
There is benefit there, that is all
user dot inside services
We created a service file
We will import it, we are importing it here
There will be user model from models and one thing
We need another function export const
Create user Create user who will remain now
He will not ask for request and response
What will he ask you for? Just two things
will demand
Just two things from you: Email and Password
Will be asking for email and password end user
I am checking the user once in the schema
schema yes ok email and password we have
I just said ok here we will check
If email and password are not found then
If you don't have email and password then brother we
If you cannot create an account then you can do it from here
Get a direct return and throw an error
That's all we're doing is saving it
After that we get the email and password
So we will create the user simply
Here comes the Create New User option and
We will return it after creating it
okay one more thing and one more thing here
You cannot enter the password directly.
which you do not write in plain text like this
You can convert this to a hash
If it remains then the hashed password is the user model
This is the method we have created the password
Look at this method you have inside the User model
Create hashed password using this method now
We are using hashed password here.
and what will happen if the password is hashed
will go and we will use this hashed password
There must be a need to create a user and
Just one thing to do is return user this is it
and you can close this okay so
We have created a simple service here
which will create the user for you
saved to database
okay after that you can close it end
Close export, we have already done it
If given then services inside controllers
co import UserService from Services
Inside the folder User Service is very important here we can see
what are you doing now here in the controller
Here I am creating a controller
I am creating create user name end
I think of create user name here we have
I have also told you to keep the controller here
of the folder
I am giving the controller name inside
Create User Controller End View Now Create
Give me the user controller that I have
must be working on the first one that comes ta
who will validate it and whose will it validate
Express Validator is going to help
then he will validate it with the help of
Installing Express Validator US
NPM iExpress Validator will remain if
If you don't know about Express Validator then comment
please make a separate video of it
I will only provide Express Validator
What is Express Validator and its uses
You will read about it here brother
How to use good save install
After the installation is done, restart the server
Let's run Dame
On saved, after saving we have to click on
Import validation result will be required
Express Validator End Here
you will check for errors and after errors
IF ERRORS MT NOT IF ERRORS MT
If not, then whatever error you are getting will
You can take it out from the express validator and
you will return it, you will return it from here
there's no need to proceed further, that's all
Then the same work has to be done further that brother user
Just create it and send the status code
So good, one more thing to do here
We have to pay and we have to get the token here
If you want to withdraw then we have to withdraw the token
Const
generate token jw token ok where is this
This is coming from the user model you created
tha generate jw a method you created
If you did it then it is being generated using this method
JW is coming with the same method saved
You will get the token and with getting the token
Now here I am sending 21 and here
data in json format which contains user
Both end tokens will be saved now that's it
This controller has to be placed in the right place and it
How can you apply it, see what you will do just
Create another folder named routes
New folder routes and routes folder
Create a file inside r.j.
And ok don't do the express here
You import the router to the router
import this initialize cons router
the end router that you created this
export two after exporting one
you will have to import more things that is
controller so user controller which you call it
do it import all ages
UserControllerFrom
UserController inside Controllers folder
So you imported everything
Edge User from inside UserController file
controller and you will use it
ADOT ADOT Router D POST Users
Users said here you will say
After clicking register save user
Inside the controller call Create User Controller or
you are using good one thing
There is more to do here
import body
From Express Validator all you have to do is
You just don't need that much
This is what you need from Express Validator
You will import the body and import it
After doing this, see only two data in the post
You should have your data
Which one should come near you?
Email and tell me here
with message email brother email is one
Email must be inside the email field instead
Apart from this the password will be yours in length
Password should be minimum length of six characters
must be at least six characters long a
I will keep this for now during development time.
I am keeping it short 3 and Jab production
But if we go then we will increase its limit
can be saved
If the end is increased then we have our end point here
Which sl register have been created?
Where you are asking for email and password
And this whole thing is getting validated with the
help of express validator if in this
If there is any problem, the data will be sent to the email end
If there is any problem with the password
so where will it come in p it is here
This validation result will come which you are getting
There are as many as are inside the validation result
Errors will come that the email address is incorrect and the password is incorrect.
it is very small so all these errors are in this
Know how you will come in a particular variable
If it works then there is a method by doing this MT
if there is no error if there is no error
If yes then it returns false sorry
sorry sorry it returns true
But if there is even one error, it will tell you
returns false so here we have
It is said that if there is no MT, if there is no MT
That means there is some error, there is some error so you can go here
Will you send an error saying brother status is 400
It has been done and you can correct the errors in the json
You can send saved messages within errors
Only that will be accepted which you write with the message
Just keep this in mind that whatever you send with the message
The same error will be written inside on your front end
Let's go and check the saved server
So the server is working properly here
Come to the postman and take a route
I am creating a good collection
I am creating here Create Collection
And the name of the collection is the collection which
This is the name I am keeping as user
And here create another post in route
I am doing ATTP SL good one problem
there is a problem there is a problem you know
what is the problem here you have
Routes controller sub has been created
But this is the user route you created
It has also been exported from here but
If you haven't used this in app.js then click here
What would you do
Import
User Routes
From routes you will import user routes and
After importing you can speak here
ho add use users s user route then here
Whatever route you create, it will be something like this for the users
sl register and enter it inside user
And inside the body you will see something like
If we need to send data then we will send it RAW
An object and an object in the format
inside email you will have email let me write
I am test@test.com and password is
Yours
The password will remain here
I am writing the test, just this much password
I want to keep it, let's send it
Now an error is coming that could not send
request why am I getting an error here
The user service is not working
does not provide an export name default
User
Service
ok user service which
ok where was your user service
Here pay end const is ok default is that we
as far as i remember
tha user service here pay end controller
I am getting this error inside the folder
yes controller is ok so what can we do
all is well it will come and all things are set
It is working, let's send it here
But now if you see, the user is created by you.
It has been completed where the email is coming and the password is coming
is here along with the end password
Id and all those things are being received in end token
If yes, then the user is already registered
Now we need to create similar routes
For login so that your brother can log in
Users can log out and create a profile route
We need to create so that we can use auth middle ware
If we can create something with him then we will see
Now we have to create an end here
To login the point user
what do we do for that come here
User routes file inside routes folder
Me and here we will say that brother one thing
do one thing you router dr po slogin
Create the Express validator you will use
There are only two ways to check your email and password
Things we're asking for Email and Password
You will check both the ends.
after that you can use a controller in controller
You will do login controller for login.
Now the problem is that you have created the login controller
If you have not created it yet, then you will do it
onCreate then where is the login controller
here is yours inside user controller
If you create a login controller then
export const logincontroller two things
You will be getting and email inside this
password request oh well here's one now
mistake here there is a mistake that you have made here
Express validator is not used
So what will you do for that? There is a const error here.
validate and here you will check that if not
MT that if the error is not MT then straight
The status code you will send is 400 and whatever the error is
You will share it after that
Now you will have to check that brother
Whether user exists by email or not
Here we are writing this whole code now.
catch e rr & e rr in try and catch
You can share Reply Status here now
But check one thing that brother this particular
From Email User Agist from this particular email
If not, you have entered your email and password
Removed it, then check the user account
Does it work or not? Find a Good Buy
I don't think we created the credentials
it was here let's remove it to remove the end
after
Find Find One and within Find One you can find your
We will find the user by email if we
User not found If we do not find the user
if yes then it would mean that brother credential
The entries that were entered are invalid so click here
you are just one
Response Dot
Status
inside dot json and json you can pass here
You will get error invalid credentials just like that
Also if you got a user
What will you do if you find the user?
You will check the password in this match
Compare Password You have added this in User model
Your user model was there, it mentioned one more thing
was valid password here you will find
If you want to compare using a valid password then
instead of password is it a valid password ki bhaiya
The password entered by the user when logging in
Check if the password is correct
Tell me if the password is valid then give it to me
Tha look for yourself the function and the function of
If your backup compare is going on inside
is match true sorry if this match is false
If it happens that the password does not match then you
You will return directly here first then return
And similarly you will return here also
ok return status code 401 end
Errors that will result in invalid credentials
Also if the password matches
That means brother he was an authenticated user
And come here and get your token generated.
Token Await Generate ZT and Repus DST
Just send 200 users and tokens and that's it
have you done save it, do save
After login credentials
If the save is okay then let's check it
Come to check on your postman
Here is the postman and I think I should have removed it
You can save it after just clicking on this
I am renaming it, first of all I will
I am renaming it, it is a very big name
You can keep it, just register and
This is what you are doing
duplicate and we call it
will speak log
After logging in, the route will be here
It will change for login and body
The data inside will remain the same that this is the email
If this is the password then it will remain the same now
If you test it once, then test it
Data and hash arguments are sent
required so now it is giving an error that
data and hash argument required this
Where can the error come from
is it valid
Password I think it's the password in the User model
this dot password
just let me console it once here
error
have to console.log error here
console dlog error save
send let's try to data this this
Line numbers in Promise controllers
43 In controllers line number 43 is
There is a problem with a particular method
Let us check this in check function
b.com password the password that was sent
was and this dot password it's working fine
Let's see what problem the error is causing
i valid
Password Protector
Comper Console
both dlog password and this password
I have got the console done, let's see.
I sent it in the test but it is coming out fine
It is coming fine but the password is
he is not coming okay okay here
There is an issue here, I know, there has been an issue
Now I have given you the password here.
Look what did I say, I said bye to the password
default said that brother select false
what does it mean that if you
You will go to find the password by selecting any
Even if you go to find the user, you will see
If the password is not available by default then
what will you do for him now
When you are looking for a user, just click here
Dot select password and you will have to apply this
There was a problem earlier so now
Password was coming as undefined now check send
done and here you will get the user details
Received User has been logged in
You will get a token and at the same time
The password is also coming here, so this
One of your users has been logged in. We now have
I want to create a protected route
Meaning, let's assume that the profile route gives us
I have to create it but without profile route
what is the story with profile route
The story goes that he only had one
Only logged in user should have access so log
For these user access we need a middle ware
We have to make middle ware, what will be the middle ware
It will be simple for you, he will check that
if u user is logged in if u user is logged in
So it will give you access to that route.
If it is not there then it will send you an error
Brother, we have to do this also with 41 unauthorized users
and what are we going to do about it
for that look here we have a route in routes
I am creating a route here
I am creating router dot get s
pril and profile controller now this
This is the profile controller, I have just installed it
If it has not been created then we need to create it
If you want to do it then create a user
inside user controller inside user controller
We are talking about it here at one place
export const profile controller and here
But now whatever data you want to extract, brother
You can extract the user's name and send it here.
yes but what is the problem that
This is just a profile controller
For authenticate user it should work like this
If you can't work for anyone then work for him
What we need to do is create a middleware
If you want to do it then back end for middle ware
We are creating another folder within the folder
There are middle ware and middle ware folders
Inside we will create a file
We will create this file after getting auth.
we will do it ok what else will we do inside it
Here you can require or import
zt from json web token and as well
I think this is enough here now
export const auth
middle ware or as I call it auth
user auth user and here you must be saying
some data so look what are you doing this
You are using try and catch in particular
What is TRAI saying about the token?
You will either find this token which is yours
You will get your token at two places
It can be found inside the first header
in authorization and secondly you will get this
In cookies, here we have both the conditions
what shall we say inside for cookies
We are here but we are saying request
dot cookies dot token if not found here
If you don't find it here then you can find it in the headers
you will find it inside and if in both the places
It is not available if it is not here in both the places
If you don't get a token, brother
directly you 41 please authenticate or here you
can speak
yes
unauthorised
If the user does not get the token, you will have to do this much
Then after this you will try the token
to decode if the token has been decoded
token is decoded then whatever is decoded
The value of this will be as per your request to the user
set it in and straight away it will be your middle
Whoever is wearing the next call back will be
You can just call him, it is as simple as this
After doing this, we have to do one more thing here.
If you want to use it then there are routes to use it
Come to me in the routes
Baad Import All Age
auth middle ware from middle ware js and
Coming here you will find auth in auth middleware
The user has to use it, that's all you have to do
and then in the profile controller you know what
In profile controller you will have
you will have access you will have access
console dialog requested user and if you
It is rinsed with 200 profile roots and
don't just send me here
But user has to send props in json format
rivet user just this then look here your
will try to access the user
See how to do it here and save it
First of all we are creating a new route
We will do it, it will remain gate type and one more thing
Let's do it friend, do you know this URL
I have to write it again and again so
I'm creating a variable a variable
the name of which will be that is base underscore
The URL scope will remain global
set variable and save it here
You can also keep this as the base URL of TA
base underscore y
real and save save here we use
will do base url
slush user is users that user is users
okay and here you will say profile
Now you will call it profile, headers within headers
inside you need to set the Authorization header
Let's see what the value will be in middleware
Come, this is the authorization written here
I will tell you to write in capitals too.
The authorisation may give this suggestion if
You will come here and as soon as you see this
If you write, you will see the suggestion for authorization
Click on this you will get it
The value that will remain after clicking
Token is generated after you have logged in
I did this token, just copy it
After copying you will come here and write B Arr
What is the point in writing B and giving a space
Is it necessary to give space? Yes it is necessary
Because this is how it works in the industry
if you send the token in the header
So in that you will write barr first and then barr
You will give a space and then your token will be
you send it then do this send it and here
unauthorized user is coming now unauthorized user is coming now
The API is built incorrectly, there is some error, check it
If you want then try it here
look here i see no problem
It is not working and if I try to send it again
If I try again the error comes again
Let's see if the error is coming then auth user
401 authorized user is there any error here
running console dlog
error send yes some error is coming
has read properties of undefined reading
token middle ware js line number six then
There is a problem here with the cookie token
well there might be a problem there might be a problem
Maybe in the ad we have included the cookie passer
If you have not used it then you will get imports here
cookie passer and just come here and use it
if you want to do it then use cook passer save and
Let's send this, now you have the data
proper brother data email is coming here
what is the user's email and how can he do that
When was it created When was it issued
So now we've done two things here.
The user has been logged in and
Along with that I created a middle ware which
authenticates it, now one thing is left
If it's your logout one then it's the logout one
So we have to use Redis a little bit here.
so that things can be logged out and back in later
To authenticate things faster
We are going to use Redis here.
So now let's see how to setup Reddish
So friend, now we have to set the radish here.
I have to do it but first I would have understood the radish
What is it then go to the browser and search
If you search for radish then the website will appear
Dish. Come on, click on this, so redish. Come
well they changed their home page your
The app is about to get faster, you are saying it right
it means that you were running the application through this
Nut Jas application which was being used by them a lot
can you please fast me one thing here
I had to search for it, he had written it earlier, I don't know it now
He may or may not have written it
ok now i can find it here
Look what happens here, this is your
It is redish, it is also like a database
which is like your [ __ ] DB
But Reddish and MongoDB have a
Is there a big difference that the brother who
You have MongoDB that stores the data
either stored on the hard disk or
Which of the two will store it in SSD
It will store it at this one place only but whatever your
It is redish and stores your data
It is in my memory, yes, it is yours
It is redish, it stores your data
There is rum in it so it is very high because of that
Its reading and write speed remains the same
It is very fast because of this we
we use redis but now because
Rum is quite expensive, so is Radis
It costs you a little bit comparatively
So look what we're going to use now.
Please log in to us first
Log in here and click on Log in
after that just continue with
So you will click on this, after clicking
You can wait a little after clicking
If yes, you will see it here then it will tell you
it is like brother what are you going to use
Redis for what you're using for caching
Vector search for database or custom
For now, whatever you select, that is
scroll down to cache again
any of these you
The rate tax will remain, now look here it will ask this
So which plan do you want to keep brother?
ofcourse we are going with free that bhai free
If we get 30 AB then you will get 30 AB data
You will get it for free to use
scroll down and post it here
After creating the file, click here a little
It may take time to create the database
because brother ofcourse it is free
This is what's happening when things go a little slow
well after this it is not getting created when
You will need to install a package until
npm
We will do the socket IO name later
npm aio redis this is a package which one
You will search ioredis, click on it
There will be a package called ioredis which
There is a package, just install it
Let's go to VS Code to do it
and paste and pme io
After doing redis clear and clear just
Here inside the services folder you can type New
File Raid
dot service dat this is what we are creating
Just after creating it, we will import it
redis co r capital redis from i redis
And we will be creating a variable
Redis
Client Equals to New Redis and its
Who will give you three things inside?
C Look, first of all tell me the host here
which you will get from process.env
Then after this you will have to tell the port and
Finally your password will come, now it comes to this
you are going to get this password
These three things are host, port and password
Where will you get it from? You must be getting it
Not from this page, not from this one, look here
Database is connected Database connected
After this, you can click on this button
If you can click then do it inside redis
Something happens so you can visualize the data
can you i would suggest you to him
Install it because we will discuss it later.
are going to use
But for now, look at this page
Particular is coming, a lot of yours in it
The details will already be there, such as whether it
public end point which is this public end
copy the point after copying the dot
go to env file and paste it here
Look at what you need to get
You can find the host port and password from here
If you want then first talk about Radish Host
If you do then the reddish host will be taken care of
keep the reddish hosta part of you
it happens this is the d co part right
This part of the URL will be yours
The host then talks to its redis port
This port will be your port
now the last thing comes the password then reds
Where can I find the password?
Scroll down Scroll down
After this, look at the security section here
But you will get the password, copy it
Redis after copying
Password Redis
Underscore password equals to here it is
Yours is our password then these three things will tell you
Redis needs to be set up successfully
to save now after saving
Here I am writing another code that brother
redish dot redis clyde o connect that if
If the radish connects successfully then you
What will you do here, just get the console done
kasol dalog radish connected will save and
to save
okay so for now that's it, set it up
we are doing the end
export default redis client can do this
And now look at this Redis client that you have
You have created this, you will import the user
In the controller here is the user controller
user controller and import it
from here so
Import
Redus client from this file and raid
The service is running fine here and now if
Let's run our server and then create a node.
enter here connect to mango and together
You will also get radish here
connected so this much part was your radish
connecting part now in this we
Let's see how we implement logout
will do it for the user so that he can logout and proceed further
By doing this, authenticate is quite efficient and fast
If he goes now, he will see that his friend Radish is his
The setup is done, now we have to create it here
have a logout route good logout route
Before we create ZT tokens
you were creating them, you should have fixed them a bit
So this is the token that is generated ZT here
You come to the User model and here your method is
Let us add one more thing to this, brother, this
when is the token going to expire then click here
Come and tell me straight away
Expiry token in 24 hours, just like this
you have given a print that brother token which
It will expire automatically after 24 hours
will accept and will accept
After this he gave the edit and its
I think I should change the structure a bit
can do
okay and just look at this here
Now the token will be created and that token will be
It will expire automatically after 24 hours
this token is not valid will save
After doing that we come to the controllers here.
Here we are on the user controller and here we are
will create a controller for log out then
export const log out controller and log
Inside the out controller you can see the most
First you take it out, I will write the whole code
catch block e rr in try and catch block
And inside DRR we can create a simple console.
You can and after getting the console the status
which will remain 400 error message and moreover
Inside the try inside the try first of all we
You will find out which token you can use
If you want to log out then please check your token now
You can get the first place from cookies
If you find it, they take it out
request dot cookie up whatever comes here
token equal to request dot cookies dot token
If you don't get it here then you will get it
After doing this we can save from inside the header.
What will we say to Radish Clyde here?
Now set this token on Redish here
We'll take a look at this token inside Reddish
we will set it and after setting it we will call it ours
will give direct logout, this token will remain
It will be unique, I will get it logged out
Expiratory
it is equal to an hour, we will save
After doing this you can simply rinse it here.
status 200 logged out successfully
And that's all you have to do and you can save it.
And after saving, now you see that you are logged out
So I got the token blacklisted as well
now after this after this this is your auth
controller was auth which was your middle ware auth
Now you have to check this thing in the middle ware
if we want to do it then what are we doing here
Are
import redis client end import redis
If you don't receive the token after the client
So you will log out and check one more thing
karenge cost is black
Listed Get Us Sync
And as sync will not happen, here go to this method
Simple gate will come token if
That means you would have got the token by black
is listed and if token is not received
This means the user did not log out.
I did this much and now after this the same condition is here
We will put it if the token is blacklisted and
Now see this much, understand what I did here
What happens as soon as the user logs out like
only when user logs you out then
Whatever token he has, we will put it on Reddit
stored and how to use it in redis
stored that after 24 hours after 24 hours
That entire token will be deleted automatically.
now what will happen here now if the user
If it tries to authenticate then Auth Metal
But we have posted here, if we get a token
the token is running great but if we
got token inside redis if now we
If it is found inside radish then it means
This is how we got the token logged out
It was a token, now it is not useful
If you have a blacklist token then you can access it
don't let this happen and if that happens you can directly go to 401
You will say it and it will be called unauthorized user, simple
You can save it and we can do one more thing here
can do that
Request or Response dot
You can set the cookie and the token inside the cookie
I don't think I need Doge and Max
This is save, this is all you have to do and this is all you have to do
Your log out will also work successfully from
It should look like we are saving after saving
ok here i am getting an error what is the error
I'm in the middle where Jess can't find me
module this this this okay just dot here
Jas aayega I think it's working fine Postman
after coming to the postman this is your
login login so i think its working properly
It was ok but now I am getting an error here
But the error is not showing here
is the base
URL Base URL value is gone
Ok
http colon sl sl local host colon
3000 enter now if we send this then
Look, you have already logged in here
After doing this, I will try it once again
I am giving you a token to log him out.
I want it, come here, good one
second one second one second one second here
We did not create a logout route
right now log out first create your route
If you do it then go to user routes inside routes
Register Login Profile and More
we will need one more route router dot get
sl log out and inside the log out you will see a
You will put auth user and auth user after user
controller dot log out control just so
Now you have to try it once
If it is the postman's own then this is yours
Postman
Did we not save the end profile
it comes http colon sl sl
localhost colon 3000 and d to
Global save is not getting saved, it's done
After saving just do it
have a little rename
profile and i am doing this
Duplicate and we will call it log
Out
enter this will be your log
I think the whole thing came inside the out and header
yes it should be known just this token
We want to change it a little bit, so let me
will have to shorten
Maybe Paste and Profile
But right now some error is coming, I don't think so
I am not getting any error here let's
c base url localhost colon 3000 ye
The user is running fine and logged out but
Authorization or not found base
URL localhost is ok here
It is written that everyone is like let's see get it
The request also
is rs is profile route working
no the profile route is also not working
so okay there is a little postman here
It was a mistake that you were setting the variable as base
url its value was going wrong then a
Let me try again this time,
You are getting me to login, first send it then look at the log
We have received a new token in
Let's bring it and we're doing it
After copying the profile which is yours
This was the route, this profile is your route here
But we come under authorization
end not in authorization not in headers
This is the burr part inside the headers
In this we are using this token
I think I can remove the whole set
here is the end token which is paste it end
If you see it after sending it then
The status is getting 200 which means it is correct
It is going on now after this let's get it done
log out once ok let's save it
First you log out and then log out
will get it done
and paste the token and send it
After sending you will get it here
Logout successfully logs out the user
and if the user is logged out
So now we don't have this data here.
If you want then try it again
I will send it and now you will get it here.
Unauthorized user means your logout route
is working in a proper manner and for this
plus your user authentication part which
It was complete, now beyond this
We have to build the project so now
Saad move forward yaar project's API
A little front before you start building
And we create what we will code
With the help of React then React lets us code
To start, open the terminal
right now there is one inside my back end folder
I am creating a new terminal here.
and here I am running a command
npm
Create White
@latest enter will ask for project name
So we will name the project Front
and enter whatever you select will remain
your react javascript enter cd you
You will say go inside the front end and do NPM
so that whoever butts your notes
All dependencies will be installed
well we have to use teal wind here too
If yes then come to the browser and come to the browser
After that, after coming to the browser, do a search
Do tail wind CSA with why dekho most
You will find the first link here.
Click, if you click then you will see here now
You will get the complete setup step by step
Do you need to setup Telv?
in white so look at these first two
These are the steps, you have already done this
you have already done it, look you created it
white latest this ran ho ho cd
If you are done with the project then do this
You have already installed Lovin
So do this after copying
The terminal will be yours, pay it here and paste it.
If you press enter then you will enter something after pressing enter
things are going to be inserted here a file
Tail wind CSS will be created here or
This one t.c.
scroll down in js1 step confirm your
template path so copy this completely
See
Just do tncsc-scm.in and that will be it now
Come back a little add lovin directive to your
copy css after copying click here
look inside the front end look inside the front end
In SRC you will get two CSS files
one will be app.css and one will be
index.com app.js basic all in one boiler
You have to write the plate of functional component
saved to save
After that, you will have just one task: npm run dep
So let's copy this and send it to your server
aap karenge run dekho localhost colon 5173
If your service is running at the port then here
Aayenge and Local
Host
enter 5173 and you will get it here
Simple app its mean that bhai tell mat
Your property has been set up and your
The React application should also be set up
so now what do we have to do now
If you want to setup react router dum then that
Let's see React Router setup for us
and what are we going to do for it
hey look at the terminal first of all
It is running, will close it and end with npm i
React Router Drop it, you will install it yourself
After installing this React Router
It is a dum meaning in which you can keep all your routes
I am going to submit my application for that
what am I doing, create a separate file
I am creating a separate file
inside the folder the name of the folder will be
Inside the Routes and Routers folder we will find a
will create file routes or its name
I would like to put the app in the save and save it here
Pe apan bolenge simple react boiler plate
After this you will have to import some things here
Which ones will you want to do, we will tell you here
You are importing route switch
We don't need a switch here, we need a browser
We need a router and one more thing
Routledge
routes and here now whatever you return
what will he be he should be here most
Firstly
browser browser router and this is what you
You will close it and inside it you will get
There will be routes
You can combine routes into one path and similar
If you give me close then look here now slash
There is a route but we don't need that much right now
Just for now we're keeping the slash route
And we're showing an element on the slash route
on which it is written home and similar what are we
doing a login route and a register
We are creating the route so login route
And on login we will say that this is login page
Wait, the real component is yet to be made
here you come to register in addition to login
And here we will say register or simple
It is setup but not yet used
You will be able to do it because what you have just done
This component is created with the help of route
You will need to import your PDF file
I am here at
import pap routes end here you return
You will do a route just like this and the server will be called once
When you start npm
runv server started coming to front end
yes now you can slash route right now you can slash out
and you see home here if
I come here slash login enter so
login is coming here and similar if
When I come to the register, here
The register is coming, which means that everything is ready now
The re router dum is working well
The setup is done, so what do we do now?
Now you have to create the actual UI here.
like login form register and
Home page: So now we need to create this UI a bit
If you want to do it then create it, friends, now
We have to create a login here
The UI of the register and home page is mine by the way
why have you changed your clothes because this is a video
I'm recording it again because
When I got this editing, I came to know that
If there is no audio in this then this part
This is why I'm recording it again
If my clothes change then in a little code
you will get the changes which you can commit via git up
You will find it in the repo by the way you follow the code
You will do that on the git up repo, you will be there
You can check the repo link of this video
Now you will get the UI on the description
When you start making it, the front end appears
We will need to create a new folder
Inside the SRC inside the SRC a new
The folder we are creating is
screen screen end screen folder
Inside we will create a file of the file
The name will be log in.js inside this you
Create a simple basic component, you will login
Now after login, look at the UI here
You have to create a lot but you
I know there will be an email field there bro
there will be a password field after that if
If you do not have an account then create it
If there is another field for all these
We know exactly what to do brother.
Gonna give her some styling styling
All this will have to be done but we have a
The second option is AI or you can use Chat GPT
get it done or I have a copilot
It's a bit expensive, if we talk about expensive then I
I will use it, we have a copilot
I will use it, come here and
Speaking directly to the copilot in a prompt
I am telling you brother create a modern UI with
Dark theme to login a user with a form
Email and Password Use Tail Wind CSS End
Add
Functionalis React Router Dumm For Navigation
So this is being said and this is called
As soon as you say create, it will
The UI will be updated a little bit after waiting
Let's see brother if it creates a little
while waiting
So here it lets us create a form
I have done this, let's accept it and
I am checking once whether our
The server is running as front end so the front
I am shutting down the end server once.
I am not clear from the end clear
do npm run dev do run
after dove well it just won't work
Because this is the UI you have created
You have created a functional component
But you have used this functional component.
If you have not done it anywhere then you can use it
you will come inside the pap routes and this is what you have
A dummy component must have been created or not?
Remove the one that you have placed here G and here
You can call Login Component Login Screen
Click here to open and close to save
After that we had already started the server
After coming to the browser, you come to the browser
Here we will say local host colon
5173 and sl login then enter enter
After doing this it will be a similar UI as before
This is us getting a UI and after that
You do not have an account and create it
so if I am talking to this one
if I click on this
If I do it then I think it will take me somewhere
will not be able to go because when the navigation
If you do it on this then if I come here
Button Login and Sign up then Sign up route
I think we didn't create Joe Route
we had created that is register and
Whatever its R is, I am making it small
and register route will come here sign up
Let's say and now see your login route
You have created the login UI.
If you have done it, your register will be similar
what do you do for this, will copy this
after copying after copying
I am creating it in the file and on the screen
Inside
register register dot js eks and i think
this has become a folder nice so this
Delete a folder
Let's delete a file from the folder
We will create a register inside this
The code we just copied and pasted
Let's paste this and now instead of login
Wherever login is used, we will replace it with
You will be speaking here
register then register and it's ok everywhere
you must have registered but this don't
Those who have an account will already have an account
So
already have an
account and here you will say sign in or
Log in and here you will say create one or
Log in to
Saved the account login After saving
If you load it once then it will be proper
The UI is running and if I click on Create One Pay
I come if I come to create one then one
Do you know if there is a problem, the UI is not visible
Why can't I see it because
p routes p if you come here right now
There is also a dummy component running here
come here and say register register
Look at the component end, now here you will see
The register is looking good now
UI is a little bit more left that is slash so
slash p if you come you'll be right now
it looks like home there in this type but
I can create another home component here.
I am creating the home screen
New File
There is one more thing in it
I am not updating, just saying
hmm rough and we'll use this here
I think you can close this and use it
There will be no need to replace end home with a dummy component
We are calling it the home screen instead of
Nice look, now if you reload this then someone
There is no significant difference because both have home
is still rendering but you just
Here slash login and you register
Create Components and Register
You have created the screens, now some of these
We have to add functional keys, we will see that later
Come on friend, look we have our UI here
You have completed login and registration
But it is yet to be integrated
So what are we going to do now
Will integrate with the help of XGS
So to integrate with AS we can
Come on the front end and come on the front end
Who will install a package after it arrives
You can install Sa APM I AS XGS
What should you do after installing it
If you want to create one instance of this then
What we're going to do for the instance is
ok here i am already using this new file
Delete it now and you will be able to use it after some time
It's gonna be a little while later just a little while later
Look what we're doing on the front end
Good inside front end direct inside
No Create a new folder inside SRC
Now inside the conf folder named do cuffing
create a file which is ax dot js
Create a file named simple exec
Here you can import AS from AS
You will get this imported
After that here you will find a review of Kanas XGS
An instance needs to be created where the base
There will be a URL where the base URL is your
It is going to be something like this, the base
yrl and this is what it will look like
Port Import D Meta AV White API
So this is the white API URL
Where are you going to get it from, look at one
You must take care inside the front end folder
Create a direct file of the front end folder
you have dot avi here you will write Dr. AV
Look at this git ignore or index.htm file
Whatever level you are at, you will get DAV at that level
A file also needs to be created and inside it
no not this not this not this here this
You have to write the white API URL and
inside it inside it
you have to write http2 what is this in your back
The URL of the end server is this base
This is the URL, what will you do next?
This is the instance you created
export it as default from here
After doing this, you come back to login
on the screen and come to login screen
after that just do one thing import as from
No AS now you will not import from AS now
so what you're gonna do is import
Inside the Confit Folder Inside the Confit Folder
inside there is your xgs file
I will have to import from here, I have already done so much
now look what is this this is your login
the screen is the login screen you two
You ask for things, give me your email and password
If you ask for things then take these two to the store
To apply two state variables we need to
So here the use state is the use state which
you have to import it
After this, you create two variables: email
and const password both these variables you
Create it and apply two way on it
binding so come here come here
after
On Input
or we can do one better thing than on input
here let us put on change on change
And in similar way we are same on password also
We'll put this thing on change and summit handler we'll have one
If you are creating then submit the function
The handler and some AGs will be inside it
that brother it will go to its back end server
And a user will make a request to the server
It will create it for you and this whole function
When will Summit 100 run? This is your form.
which is your form, when it is submitted then it will be on
submit and this will run your submit handler
inside the submit handler you know what
I have to do just one as request here
You need to create an AS request
Create dot post and post this
You will get it done, this will be your Slush login
You will definitely send some data in this, which one
Email and Password Email and Password You
You will use send then and catch if
If some error occurs then the catch will handle it
Otherwise, if the response is correct, then the giver
We will handle it in the part, now look at it
what should happen you mean that the user
Entered email, entered password, if correct
If it is correct then we will send it to the home page
on which we put our slash route
if it is kept then to send it there we need another
You will have to use hooks from react router dum
whatever you call use navigate it will be
You have a hook and you have to use it for something
You create such a variable const
navigate and you will use this
The part given in the part will only work when
When you make this request the data that
You must have sent the correct credential
Only if your email and password are correct will this happen
The giving credential can run so here
pe aap aate hai and
navigate you say slash do you navigate
go to slash if email and password
If it is correct then apart from this you have to do the same work
You will have to do it on your registered part
where is the register part, this is yours
come here we say use
Navigate Use Navigate After you import
do as
Import
import this from as config
After importing, you will see the same here also
If you want to create two state variables then
after use state and use state here
you will say email and password email and
Enter the password and both of these
Two way binding comes here
on change and on change pay simple ki bhaiya
performing winding and after this
Here we are inside On Change and On Change
will say it will be similar just like this now
Look, we have one more thing to do, a function
If you want to create a submit handler then come here
there is a function we will create all the functions
Mitt Handler and inside this, first of all, Dr.
prevent default did we log in
I did not do it here, we prevented default
If you haven't done it then
Dot
Prevent
default is all you need to do is
after this it is telling register route to end
There's one more thing we have to do here, you know?
use navigate hook you never used
So just create a variable here
navigate to what you tell it to do and if the user
Email and Password now he is registering
Email will be correct if it is a valid email
and the password is a valid password
You can navigate to it here
Not at login Not at login You can log in to that
Navigate to the slashes and this much will be saved
After saving it, now do it once
Let's do a little check, how to do a good check
Will you use the submit handler? You haven't used it yet.
So this is the form part here
but you will say onsubmit submit handler save
After saving it, come to the front end and click on
You can close it here, luck local
Host End
5173 sl register then shut down your server now
has come
Think
npm run dev server its started this
Once you reload, you will see this page
Now see, first you have sent a wrong email
Let's enter the password and see which is yours
It will be good, some error is already coming here
has true warning been received upon a none bidian
Eatable If You Want to Write a Dom Pass
string instance of true is ok but this error is coming
where have you been
ok i'm ignoring it for now
yes just look here i am sending my email
Is this a good thing? First you entered a wrong email.
let's see
aa.com this is not a valid email this is a
Email address is not valid and password is also not valid
I'm writing a and I'm doing this
Register, look here, there is an error here now
Its been a good time, this is the first time I am getting this error
that which is your origin, this origin,
This origin is blocked by course policy
This is yours which you are using right now
Origin it is blocked due to course policy
According to that, on your back end, the course policy
What is the course policy, it is something like this
That's brother your back end server resources
Now anyone can take your website
any guy means that those particular people
If you cannot access it directly like this then
something happens to him to stop him
Course Policy then Course Policy Na Buy
The default holds everything back, what do you
You will have to do whatever particular front end
He just wants to light a fire, so you are there for him
What do you do? You get a package on the back end.
You will have to install a package
If you want to do a course then do the course here
And of course you install this package named
Let's say you have app.js inside the back end in a
app.js and here
You import course from course and
Here you can directly say due course
Look, you can directly download the course here
Simply called and used if only
If you keep this much then whatever happens in the world
They can access resources directly from your server.
If this is also like this then you could order it
Then you have to go to the particular website here
Only those URLs need to be allowed
You keep writing here when does it come when you
Do that when you are going to put it into production
you just have to do it, don't do it without it
Otherwise anyone can use your resources.
If you take it then for now let's move on to development.
If you are doing this then you can do it directly like this
After saving the app will give you a name
on enter come on front end then front
And now it is going on properly, now once this
We had entered the data here again
To register, look here now
I am getting some error good slash register
We did not even make this route,
We had made it something different
was here that sl users sl register
Now if we submit it again then here
But now you are getting another error now
you are getting an actual error error
If you look, there is this error among the errors
Password must be at least three characters
long that your password is three
The character should be big and how big is it now
For now he is just a character lame
So if you pass wrong data then it will be refused
I will do it brother sorry if this cannot happen
what are we doing right now here is this one
This is the user I use for testing
hmm this is an email and here's the
This is the password, let's register it
I will register as soon as possible if everything is ok
then it will navigate to your slash
You should have registered it once on the route
and it's here on your slash route
And here you will get the data on user end
Email and Password
I did not want to get the password here so I got the password
We have a workaround for not getting it here
will know this is your back end folder
in the pack end folder with controllers in it
part was just a task in user controller
You will have to do that this response which you give when
If you send it then delete it here
User
If you don't delete the user's password then what will happen
look here let's come back ok
Your user will be by the way in Mango DV
This is your user who must have been created
I'm deleting this right now
I am deleting it and check it again
We are doing this, register and register
After doing this the data is coming again
coming again but one thing if you
If you look inside the user, this time the password
If the password is not coming then we are in front
why don't you send the password up front at the end
That's why we don't send it at the end even though that hash is
It is in format now but in front end
Still won't send it because it is a hacker
maybe he will get an idea which one brother
How many hash algorithms are being used?
What rounds of algorithm are you using?
which salt are you using, if this
When we get to know everything relatively
It becomes a little easy to crack otherwise
You have given the hash but the advice will remain this
that you don't send the password to the front end anymore
After this your user will be created here.
It's done, let's log in and see it
Back register option to log in
We will say here login and same user
name and password and let's get this done
If you login then the same problem will occur here also
Let's login on one, this one
part will be sl users and now if login
If you do that, then the login has been completed and the data has been
You are getting proper here
If the password is coming in this also then do one thing
We do one thing that when the user controller
When I log in, there appears a
We can work on token end here also
I will say delete
and now let's try again
then the password should not be known now
If you haven't lost your password, what have you done now?
Now you just login here and
Integrate the register properly
gave us your front end now what do we need
Now let us see how to use Context API
Will you setup it on redux sorry on redux
no I want to see your reaction, anyway if
If you want to read the redux then tell me that also in the comment
But I will teach you that too separately, okay friend
By setting up the Context API we are now
If you want to see then what will you do with SRC folder
and I will create a folder inside
which I'm naming context and
Create a file inside context
I am doing user dot cutx djas ek and
Inside this we will directly say here is an AE
I am sowing, see whatever context remains
You have to setup it once in the application
it stays and after that you can put it straight
If you are using it directly then click here
what can we say, let's bring it straight
End Setup
User Context
yes ok so here you are user contact
We are getting it setup. Setup will take some time.
It will happen and it's done if we accept it
look here in user contact now here
I only have users and I think about this
We will just keep in mind that only the users will tell us
It will be needed and we will keep an eye on its behavior
Will check if user is logged in or not
or you have created a user contact
now for this for this now you know what
For this you will just do user context
end user provider it's working well now
You come to the app.js file come to the app.js file and
import here import here
If you do that, your context provider will
Import User Provider Context
coming from inside and inside of it inside of it
you rap it user
Provider
End
provider and inside it will come your entire
Pap route so do you know what will happen with this now
Wherever you have a user provider, you
As many as are inside Like Pup Routes
Everyone will have access to the components
Whose will this be for this particular user?
will have access to the set user as well
You will also have access to your function
Now what you have to do is that the person who has your login
The page was in login.gs, here you have to import
have to use
Context Use
You need to import the context and
After importing you can say here
User context is one thing you need to consider and important
that is user context then
import UserContext User
You will import it from context and
After coming here you can click on Custom Set User
get user context user
From the context that you sent the set user
Look, this was the set user, this one here
But you are taking out this thing that you sent.
ho user contact se here now use it
How to do it, use it in this way
your data will be successful when
If your data arrives successfully then give it to you
What are the two things that I will have to do?
First of all go to local storage
You will set the token in the storage and then
In Set Item or Set User in Set User you can
Replying to @RipsDigital Partner User can do this after that
You will navigate to slash well its
There is one more thing you need to do besides this
One more thing remains to be done that your hod
In this also we have to access the user
The user's data needs to be accessed
So what will we import for that
We get the import done, import and import
After getting it done we import it here
have to get it done
User
contact user context what name
We have imported it as user text
ok user
Context from UserContext and
We will have to import one more thing here
but t is use contact and here
come
we will extract the const user from the user contact and
here only one thing is speaking, the place of home which
The user's data will also be there and you can show it
Let's try it out once and see if
Is your server running? Yes, the server is running.
it's proper, come here, login and reload
and here some error is coming in the request
This module does not provide an
export name usercontext if ok
User Context A user context is defined as
Not exporting
ok use
User is not this one, we are removing this one
and we will do it here
Let's try the export now and see
When you log in here, you see the log
I will log in after doing this, login has come and it has ended
Why is he still coming home here?
We will try it once and compete with each other
So we have told you here why come home
been good good good one second one
second which was your pap routes here you
If the component is not updated then the component
We will update it and it will come here
Your Home
The component will be reloaded again
Clear it and then login
After doing this, now an error is coming ok
oh ok ok ok we come directly here
If you can't object then do one thing
will do json dot
SF&Nal is coming now
ok log in so look now you have it here
The data will be visible on the logged in user
Data of every user logged in here
You will find similar here
You have to do register route i.e. go to register page
So we come here on the register and here
but you must have ordered it, use context
You import the context here
You will import one more thing, user context
So
Import
userContext and a variable you can use here
create const set user and submit
inside the give clause in the handler you would say here
localStorage set token end set user end
Finally let's go back and now have a new user
If you try logging in then sorry login
no let's get it registered and see register
And let's name it test@test.com
We will keep its password, test it and
Let's get the register done, let's clear it
Register and you will get the data here
You can save it and save it here
If you are getting data on this then now you have clicked here
I have set up the Pay User Contact and
Now we are moving to the back and side
Now how will we create the project
If you want to create its API then pay on back end
When we meet, friend, back to our back end
and some end points now we have to
have to be created like which ones
How will the project create an end
If we want to create points then for that we
what are you going to do first look at the back end
Let's come to a model of the first project
If you want to create then inside the models you will need to create a
We will create more models, please tell us
are project dot
Once you mold it, it will become yours, after that we will be here
Pay mongoose will be imported to mongoose
From Mongoose and another
Cond
Project Schema Equals to New Mangas D
Schema and properties will come under it now
Look at the properties first
If the project had a name, then you would have come here
are the project name and the name that will be typed
keep it lower case in string
lower case true end as well
It will be required and it will be unique
trim trim you can say one more thing
We have to add more here which
will remain yours
If you look at the unique truth of one of your projects
There are only so many constraints in a pass name
We have assumed that all these things are in lower case
There will be a trim as required
There will be unique, after unique there will be another one here
thing comes to you that in this project
how many users have evolved so here we
Users are speaking and users are what will remain
You will have one hey and hey of id then we
Here we will say ID and reference which
It will remain and go to your user
Well, if all these things seem so good to you
It is not clear from me that brother in the back end
what is this id what is the reference
So we have already made a video for this
It is kept in the channel, actually we have two
There is also a complete playlist and a
In Quik we have a video editor which
It just came in recent times so you can see that too
You can also have it on our website
There is also a course on shar.com and you can also read it there
you can see okay so let's go ahead and see
There will be only two things in the project
That's all the name and users keep for now.
If you want to read some things further then you can add them
let's save it here to save
After this is the project schema you have created
We will convert it into a model so
project end project you created and
You will make this the export default
Project export can be done using default project
After this you will get some services
If you want to do it then come here new
File Project
dot service dot js and here you can import
will you do it
project
Model Project inside Model From Models
project model which is your file from there
You will import this after importing
After importing, here you will see a
export const create project and here
But in this particular function you
This function will create the project which
She will ask you for two things, understand this.
He will definitely ask for two things, which one will he ask for?
First of all it will ask you for your name and a
It is going to ask you for your user ID, see when
You can create a particular project
If you do it then who will ask you for those two things?
C brother what is the name of the project and
Which particular user has started the project
If it has been created then we are asking for its ID
what are we doing after this
after this we will check here if
Name is required or we are here with a
You can impose further conditions if the user ID is
user is required after doing this much which
Your project will be there, we will just direct it
If you want to create a simple app then click on the option to create it.
Create User ID for Cons Project
done and after that you just return it
The return from here will be your project
All he needs is simple and he should do it
After doing this, now we come to the controllers
So we will create a file on controllers
will do the project
dotcontroller dot js project design
After saving the controller will look like this
After saving, here we have to import
First, we need to import the project model.
If you want to get it done from here then
project
Model from Models and you will find here
Bring project service here too
if so
project
service from your project service from now
After this you have to create a controller here
who has to do one job, that brother
Create a project and use that as a service
you must be doing just that
Export
Const
Create
project here we will say asan asan
Inside request response and everything
Well, we need to apply some validation here as well.
If it is there then we have to do the validation, look at one
One thing you need to create a project
It will be required, whatever its name is
We are applying the same validation here
we are getting it imported here
Validation result and here we create
will cast errors and now try and catch
Removing the try and catch part
we are removing the part look at the errors we are saying
brother are requesting validation result
If you find any error, please send it to us here.
If we get any error here
If you get it then what status code will you send 400
And whatever error comes, you will share it now
if this message goes in error here then we
You must be doing that in the routes file
besides this now here you will get two
things will be getting
cost you will get pay name here request
in the body and the user's id is const
You will get the user ID that is
Where is this coming from in the request ur id
so we created a middle ware
remember thad milwe here we have an auth user
and created middle ware then this auth
In user we have further requested user
These were setting the decoded ones so these
If you remember in decoded then user
Inside the controller when you create a user
were doing token in request body token
where is your user model in generate token
Here
so here it is you good email here
If you are passing then now there is a problem
We have a problem that we can send email here
but did not write this in the project controller
We can because we only get email there.
If you are having any then like this to avoid email
There is no need to avoid email, we have to use email ID
If you need ID then do you know what
you will do it come here we will tell you
Const Log
In User Equals to Await User Model Good
We haven't imported the User model here.
If yes then we will import import user model
And here we're going to use the user model dot
find by id find by id not us
Here you have to run Find One and Find One
Inside you will find it by email. Find it.
after finding people after finding
Now you can take out your user ID here.
and after the id you will get it and after the id you will get it
What will you do here with the service you have created?
Remember, the service has just been completed
where y is created in project service
project this particular function is its
You will use it to create a project
That is why we come here and speak here also
Are
Const New Project Equals to Await
Project Surveys and Creates within it
What is the name of the project you created?
Something is different
paste project service create
I can't access the project from here
yes but i think it will work test it once
we will do it now in API ok so we
You will get a new project here.
We will share the data of this new project.
will give repus d status 21 and this whole block
We are going to try this whole block
and catch k
Here inside we will tell you the response status
And let's do one more thing, let's get the console done
how to save kasol download er do this
After this we just need to create routes
for your project then inside routes
we will create a file
will do the project
dot routes are de
And we will import the router
to import router from
Create this express constructor and
export will default to export
default router and here we create a route
doing router dot
Post
Slush
Create Create Here now you will see some middle buttons
If you want to use then you will find some middle buds here
Where will those midas come from to create them?
import your body from express
Validator and here now you can see some middle version
If you apply it then you will say here that brother body
inside name string and body you can see here
But tell me whichever name comes first
So it should be a string
If this string is not a string then you
Here
par with message what will you call it
All you have to do is required and then
After that you will do this with your controller
So we import the controller here.
Import All
Edge
Project Controller From Controller
project from here ok so here your
Now import the controller like this
In particular project controller this is
You have created the controller
If you want to use this as project name then click here
But we will say that brother project controller
inside the project controller which
your create project controller is that
Use it okay let's save it now this route
You made it or the router you made, read this
If you want to use it in a file then read JS
Like you have used users similar
You will use the project in that
Import
Project Routes
from routes project and routes and here
but you will use it ad dot use project and
If the project routes remain this much then now your
It is almost complete, you have made a proper
The route has created an endpoint where
But a project should be created then
Once you see the server there is some error in the server
So it's not so it's from the front end yes
There is some error in the server, let's check it
so can't find module this this
Imported within a project routes
If there is a problem with the controller
Having controllers inside project routes
in part i think dot jay here
It will come and there is still a problem at one place
that now this controller inside the controller
there might be a problem here and I
I think it is going to happen here too in the future
So we are fixing this as well
finally here
But I am still getting an error at one place now
I am getting an error in the service file, so it came
These are all errors of thought imports
imports service project service here
I will just have to type dot GS and now an error will appear
Project Service Import is coming
The requested module does not provide an
export name default ok project
service ok ok ok ok here jo
Your project service is import it
The way to do it would be a little different
So now our server is proper
Now testing the route is going on as per the method
If yes then open the route to test it
here is postman here is your postman in this
We will have to create a new collection
New Collection Blank Collection Name We
Here we are talking about project end
You can cut this out within the project
Your request for a new tab post type
okay okay one thing and one thing and one
thing and a very important thing was missed
Do you know if this project will be
Nobody can create just like that
Only a logged in user can access it
For that you can bring the middle bar here
Import
Th
middle ver from this middle ver and here bol
I am going to use all s and here you can use
auth middle ver dot
th one second let me check this file first
Well this file agent is not doing this
Why Middle Ware Sl
it is not routing
hay slash middle wears slash th mulve jay end
now it will exist
And here you should get the auth user.
Now if I put auth user here auth
If the user is okay then this is our route now.
has been completed where we have a
If authentication is also performed then click here
let's go to base url sl this particular today
If it is not ok then you should fix it first
http colon sl sl giving r value
localhost colon
3000+ saved end user profiles no more
We are saving this separately, Save to Scene
project and within the project we will
giving names
Are
Create a Project
saved here end project
created don't think need it just if
If I keep creating it, that's enough now
Base URL Base URL is defined as the value once
let's try http again
colon local host colon 3000 d to
Global in request is working fine then
Now here we will say Projects End
Instead of profile we will say here
Give you some data inside the create body
We are providing the data in RAW format
What is data, what is an object and what is the difference between an object
Inside you will give the value of name and name which
It has value, we call it Peer Jaw
Project one and here for authentication
for us in the headers
Authorization and in this you will send burr and burr
After that you will have to send the token, then for the token
I am logging in for this, I am ok
I logged in here and got this token
I am doing this, copy and come here and do it
yes our paste is ready let's do this
Now if you send it then now there is something here
I am getting an error that it is not getting its value
Rahi hai ya not found base
The url is here but the view is in
console user this this
This is accepting host name and request
If you look in the body, you will see the password
request was ok
Hey let's see this base URL
Unable to get its value Save Save
After doing this, if I send it now then
I am also getting an error and Morgan but if you
If you check again, the request will reach here
It is not there meaning the request has reached the server
It doesn't exist, it means it's the postman's mistake
Once I close Postman and do a
I am opening it again
what is its value , its value is ok
Now that the send has been done, just enter that variable
Sometimes there is a problem with Postman
look here now your project is here
There is one, it has been created on PRJ and
You are getting what the user is
A particular user had created it for you
Users will find the end inside Arey
Now you are getting the project ID.
If I throw the same data again then it will become PR
If it has been created then it should not be created
It should be there, let's see it and send it
And now here comes the bed to you
request this this this so what should we do now
are gonna look here is what your schema was
You may have updated your schema a bit
We try to make sure that the message goes correctly
The project model which is what your project is
There is a model here, this user will do one thing
the model is the project model which is here we
will say unique truth in a hey format
I am hey and here you will say project
The name must be unique so the server can be accessed a couple of times
Let's restart and I think so
It will be enough and now if we send the same thing
So we are still getting the same error brother
Duplicate Key Error Collection S Project OK
So now we have to handle this in a different way.
Where will it be, you will handle the controller
I think your service was inside there
But you can handle this too
But here we can speak directly
Handle
Duplicate
name error
in
Mongus
with try and catch ok so this is how we code
You will get it here brother try and catch
This will handle any duplicate errors
Create code error will be done
project name already exists accept
And now let's try sending it again
done and here we are now with a simple
The project name is already getting response
Cannot find Agist with the technical error
so this one is a little bit better now
Your URL has been completed and now
Even if you try with the same name, it
the project will not create but if you
Will you try with a different name like
PRJ2 and if I send this
Then your project will be created.
successfully so this is an end point we have and
I have created this in react now how to do it
Let's see if we integrate them
Brothers now we have to create the UI of the home here
If yes then make the UI of home page then front end
This is your screen inside Pay SRC
here the head is here so look here
what is there to do there is nothing much just one
Simple we have to give a button where create is written
If the project handler runs then we will be here
but what are you doing jason dat struggle aa
yes I am removing all this completely
And inside this we are writing the main key
But I am not giving any height and width
there are some
padit four end as well as here I'm a
I am adding another class which will be named
Inside the project projects you have
There will be one project and then after that
There will be a button in this, so there will be a button here
The one in which the plus icon appears
If you want then we can use the plus icon
remix icon so with remix icon
what we can
[music]
do just open the website
Aakan Co
and you can come here git up pay and
After coming to git up, the installation is done here
And all of the things you will find here
I will go to import this then just this
You do the save and after saving your front
There will be a terminal of 8, beyond that install it
so npm install remix icon end
After installing the remix icon look like this
import remix icon fats this here
this this you just have to import one
where is the bar you look you have two here
The files will be app.js or main.js both files
you can do it anywhere in i am going to study
sorry i am doing it in h file so here
But now we come to import and import
You can use whichever icon you want.
ho come back to the website and add what I think
There should be an icon here
ok we can use this icon but do you know
I like this icon better
this one so I'm gonna use this
copy copy and here you come your ho
In one of the projects we are here
If you paste this icon then class will be here
the name will appear and not just the class saved
After doing this, run your server.
do npm
run dev enter and back end's server also run
Let's do n p a x node
If you type OK then the back end server
The front end work has already started
The server has been started now and then
We will access it from our browser
On local
Host
73 enter look here you get a
this icon this icon you can find here now
what we have to do first is this div
I am converting this into a button button button
Along with this I am adding some padi here
hmm some padi fur and border a border rahegi
The color of the border will be that is red eye
Think red no we have to work late here
You should go as far as your end is
Rounded MD and let's try this now
We have a simple icon coming for this
what should happen on click of this
Whenever you come here, on its click
A project is a popup coming to you
what would you like to name the project
And as soon as you submit that pickle form
If you do this, your project will be created
If you need your back end support then what can we do for that?
Look here we are having a function
We are creating a function and here we are
are speaking
create project and create
Inside the project we have a modal kind of
If we have to make it then what can we do for the model
use or use state and own
will be there
Modal
Open and it will be there by default
Falls and look it's your project
We will make one here after the project
div div and I will give it a class or we will do this
I think we can get the whole work done by AI
Create
a modal yer with
Form
Inside
asking name of the project
use tail wind for
Style
enter ok then we will be taken to a modal
he will prepare the form and give it to you in which
he must be asking for just one name let's do this
press ok button and accept all these things
After accepting this, when your model opens
If it will run only then it will be there then when will the modal open
Yours will open when you click on this button
he will go here we are saying
on click and on click on console.log
I don't want to do it, what do we have to do here
set this model open true that's all you need to do
Save it and then come back to End
If you reload then you will get some error here
If it is there then I would like to check it once
Error is coming in console
uncut reference use state is not defined
Nice so here we are with use contact
Get the use state imported as well
It will be needed and you have got it here now
As soon as I click on this
Here is your model and at the same time I think a
The problem is that if I start a new project
If I click on it, then it will also take us here
If you can see it then I think we should press both these buttons
We can merge the new project which will remain
We don't need this but this text
I like it whatever it is so this is me
I can kind of remove it so let's delete it
And your plus icon is next to this
We are writing here new
project
cancel or ok and here we go one more thing
What will you do with your new project?
Create new project here I click on margin
I would like to give or margin
to the left so a little bit here
The space has arrived now as I click on it
as soon as I click on it
then I have a modal open which
asks me for the name of the project and
This form will open just by giving the name of the project
It gets submitted, now for this we have to
What happens is that whenever the form is submitted
No, it will run this function for you right now.
for which the AI ​​gave us the code but
I don't want this what do I want
Let's create a new function here.
Project in which we will pass the event
So what I am saying here is that on summit
What will you do on Pay on Summit which is your
call the create project function
Inside Create Project you have Events
If you get it, you will tell about this event first
E Dot
Prevent
The default is just so that whatever form is submitted
I would reload the page and he would change the page
stop after this what will you do
Here we can create another state variable.
are using state snip it and that will remain
your project
Name end initially it will be null
And after this we will perform here too
They are winding so this input and this this
So what are we going to do here?
We have to perform two way winding
So just on change pay on change pay we set
I will name the project so that it has two windings
your performance should be done and here the value and
We will give you the project name, that's all we did
come here let's save new
project end come back look here it comes
It's done and let's do one more thing here
that whenever this happens you just console it
Just give me the project name here
project
name hello create then you are coming here
hello in the form of project name object
Now what we have to do is that we have this data
An API call is coming up and this
Requests from API calls to your back end
You should know that brother create a project
It is being done so let's come now
on his side so what are we gonna do here
but we will use x to use x
we will import for
S
from conf sl x s you ordered it
after that you will call sd post s
The project that was your route I think
What did we create, Project Route SL
Create
So here you will say sl project sl
If you need to create and send some data then
data i think we sent that is name
If we just send the name from here then we will come here
you will say P after the name which will be yours
You can send the project name from here.
That's it, let's try it once
here I am putting the donation
Response and also you can click here
You will say catch and if there is some error inside the catch
If it comes, you will handle it kasol dot log
error end this here
here console.log response try now
Let's do a little
So now if I open the database
I do it here and the database opens here
so the name of your database is ii
think so n and here come the projects
two projects within these two projects
I'm deleting it right now
hmm delete it and come back here new
You are giving the name of the project
Are
pr1 create so friend look we have it here
I am getting an error that is unauthorized user
I know exactly why this error occurs.
but you might not know it
or you know about this error but later on
Some error may occur which you cannot even solve
It means that you have searched it on the net
I got GPT done but the error still occurs
If it is not getting solved then it would be like this
when you do self learning
And that means it is totally free, there is nothing else
We don't get any benefit from this, true
But look, we have one here, this is on our website
By the way sharing.com this is our website
Here you will find a button Request a
call back this button this button this is a button to give you
You will get it as soon as you click on it
It will ask you to schedule it, that means
Brother can you take a call from us?
And you can ask anything on that call.
Be it from our instructor or from anyone else
Maybe you can find Harsh Bhaiya
Should I meet you or should I meet you Sarthak Bhaiya?
If you find it, you can find anybody who
If someone calls you then just enter your name here
You can do your phone number and schedule
Brother on which date do you want a call back?
Here you can do whatever you want
If you have any questions you can ask them here
so this was just an information now come back
Let's look at your coding screen
I am getting an unauthorized error right now and know it
why is she coming here
But whatever your route is, this is your project
This is routes, look, this is auth middleware auth
authenticate for the user means that without
No token means just a logged in user
will allow access to your slash create
Will not let Route do otherwise and he will define
how does he do that means how he thinks that
Brother is this user locked in or not then his
For this you need to put the token in headers or in cookies
It needs to be sent but right now we have posted here
I haven't sent it and now it appears in every request
If I have to send you messages in the future, I know
what are we going to do inside the confit
This is what you have created in XGS
Just add headers and set two headers in it
content type application json butt this to me
I don't need to set it up yet, I want to set it up here
You have to do authorization and in authorization you
You will send burr here and inside burr there is local
In the storage you have set the token
Look I'm telling you the token you set
you've set it many times
This is your local storage in the application
look here here is your token then save it on local
You will read from the storage and inside the header
If you send it, all you have to do is this and
I know when this will happen, this is going to happen every time now
whenever you make a request to your server
this is gonna happen every time because
This is inside the AS instance and that's why
Saved After saving . j p come back
and let's try it once again
If it is working then
pr1 some error is coming now please clear it
Let's do the whole creation to create
later look here pr1 has arrived end data
You got some data here from pr1
The project has been created by its users
there is only one inside now and all these things now
what we have to do here is the project
Those which have been created should be shown here
And at the same time if I work on those projects
When I click, those projects open
they should be on different pages
Now we have to do it but first of all here
So if you want to order the project then for that
We need to create a different kind of API
We will have to do it on our back end and now we will
Let's create it, friend, now we have
To create two end points here
Which will be the first end point brother
Whichever project will have its own user
All projects will be returned to you and one
You have to create an end point where
We provide a particular user with a
If you can add this to a specific project then
We need to create both end points
so first what we're doing is the first one
Where we get all the projects
If you are creating one then router dot get
And here I am saying sl all to slash
All and after this you will use auth middle ware
auth middleware dot auth user or you will use
And we need to use a controller here.
so controller and you'll say here
projectcontroller dot getallproject
So now we have to create a controller and
Here comes the project controller
inside project controller here it is and here
But we will speak
export const get all project equal
to a sink
Request
Response and here now we have to write the logic
This is the best of all our projects
We are going to get all the projects
For this, something will be needed which will remain with the user
why id because if you look at
projects within projects that you
The model was the project which was your model in this
You only store the user's ID and
If you don't keep anything then if you give us a
Find a project or click All projects
where the user id is located
be present or be present on user yes
So we need to know his particular user's ID.
First let's see what we are going to do
In try and catch block inside controller
In the try and catch block, we here
Console on the
this trick will not work on dialog r here
And here we will say rips dot
status replies status we are here to tell you
can 44
and finally whatever you want to data in json
If you want to sell it you can tell me then Jason and
Whatever you need for ER
R E R
r dot message or you can send this much you have
you did well what else do you want to do
Now what you need to do here is to
First of all you will need an ID
So you can click here for the ID
Lagan User Equals to Await
Inside the user model you can find five and find one
Here you will say that you can find on the basis of email
want to do and where can I get the email
you will receive the email
We need to create a project as a service
If you want to create a service function then click here
But we are creating a function of the function
The name will be something like this Con Gate
All
project
by user id equal to a
inside the sync object the user id and we
Here
But here we are going to check that if
not user if you have entered user id here
If you don't get it, what will you do then you are here
You will simply throw a direct error
New and inside this you say aa here
We can say kind of user id is
Required Look, we've done this before
Where inside you create project you can do something like
If you are asking for data like user ID then click here
But if you don't get your user ID then
You can click here User is Required or User
id is required you kind of here
You can say similar, just one more thing here
will come
That here we will get an error just like this
If it remains then you will get a new error thrown here
do it where you will say user id
required after that you are here
What you will do is to run a simple query
there is a query you need to run
User or All Users Project Equals to
await here you are I am going to take this
I am capitalizing on this await and you are here
bologe project model dot find and find
Inside of that you will be running a query that
is users and within the users, what you
The query to be run will be the user ID
What is the full meaning of this query?
The full meaning of the query is that
You have to find the project model
project model dot find then this query
What will all those projects do for you?
It will bring users inside the
If this particular user ID is present then
You will find all the projects in
This user ID will be coming in me also and this
What is the project to do? This project
All you have to do is get it returned to all users
Just get the projects returned from here now
If you have returned it from here
So inside controller you can use this
how are you look here you tell me
Const All
[music]
User projects equals to await
Project Service and Project Service K
Inside
projectservice.getallproject
Buy user id and here you will pass
User ID is what you need to pass here
User ID and the user ID which will remain will be logged in
The ID of these users must be saved.
After doing all these projects you will get
You will get these returns in just response
if you want to do it then
return return repus dot status status code
What remains will remain yours oo and finally
Here you will share the data in Jason format
which will be in your projects and
You can tell me about the projects that will be there.
all user projects so now we will do this once
try it and see if it is working or not
If it is not working then let's save it
After that we have already created the end point
I had done it and my server was running.
They come to the postman, here it is
After creating your postman I think we
for this purpose i am copy cat copy and
I am pasting the duplicate and here
I
I will tell you can't I rename it
hmm now let's do one thing here
Let's create a get type request
We are going to use the base URL
We need to stay here instead of creating
Inside the All End header, you will see the setting here
will have to do
Authorization
After burr and burr you need here
If you have one token then we will give you the token
what do we do with login route i think we
I had created it here so click on send
After that you will get a token here
We are going to use this token
there is just one
Seconds here is your url inside burr
paste the project and do this
If you want to send it then please send it here
The response should come, there is some problem on the net
If you are doing it here then it will take some time
If you look here, you will get a response
It has been done and along with the response coming in
You can see the response as soon as it comes here
What are you getting in Pay Projects
In projects you only get one for now
I am getting the project because my
the user is just in one project and
The project is also the same, so just one
We find the project here
As you create a project
And the user will keep getting added to you as well.
You can find more projects here
So you have created an end point
After this we have to create an end point and
Which one do you want to do, see, you have got it all now
You need to create an endpoint here.
There will be a router dot put and inside the put you
Here you will talk about slashed user and add user
After that you will put auth middleware dot here
Th user Th user its you capital will be user
and after this after this you will say here
controller dot user to project good
Here you will also find an express validator.
If you want to use it then you should just say it on your own.
hmm
un
Express
Validator on the
Field on the Field
Name
Users
it's
un hey
off string I just had to say this much
Express Validator will install a user
On the field which remains an are of string
If it is going to happen then it will end in a little while
What else do we have to do in a project
If you want to create a controller inside then
I will create it, please wait for some time
Just look here, he has placed us here now
I have given a little code where in the body
Users are being checked whether they are a
If it is there then a message will be sent if it is not there
user must be are off string after that
Is every single element Is every single element
what is the string inside it so for that
We made a custom one inside the custom that check
is taking that type of each element
is that string then send message
It is being said that every user must be a string
we have passed this let's save it
after doing add user to project this
We will create a controller project
Inside the controller, we come here and
Export
const this and here we will say a
sync request end
We will check the response here first
Try Now After Const Errors and Errors
We don't need the end catch part
I will bring it later, look here
I am saying that if Express Validator
Some errors given to us by the express validator
If he had given us any error then it would have been in this
will come within errors and within errors
We will check if the error is not mt
Meaning if some error has come then do it accordingly
You can share the error in your response.
otherwise what will you try
Inside the try and catch inside the end catch you
If you write the full code we can get the console
first console dot log r and response
dot status status hum bol rhe i think
400 and we're going to send some data here.
Data that will remain ours, that is e rr message
what do we have to do inside bus and try
Well, inside the trial we just have to do one thing
that whatever ID we might have got,
We will find the user's ID in the user header
And we have to add a particular project
well I know we need one more thing
we need the id of that particular project
So how can you remove that ID of the users?
inside we are putting another check or we
You can say it in parham or parham
Instead of saying this, I would rather place another check here.
Check
Body
for project
id it
un string okay we're here to put a check and
brother you are applying it inside the body
Check the project ID and that too
string so now it's taking a little bit of code
hey let's wait how much time is it going to take
so look here now he has given us the code
Given is the project id which is a string
and the project id is
He also said that it was required and this
This is the project ID. Now we get both of these.
project id end users so we
what are you going to do first
Firstly
Const Projectile
And we are here to remove the users
from request dat body to request da
Which two things will we get from the body?
C Project ID end users can now use both
what should we do with these two
You have to pass a service function
Inside and service function now create us
If you want to do it then come inside the project service
We need to create a function here
Is
Export custom users to
project project and here we are
We will say that asn is the function of asing function
Inside it asks you for two parameters, first
will remain the project ID and the other will remain
Users hey these two are for you to add
what will you do next just check
it will remain here but you should first check that if not
of project id if the project id
If it is not present here then you can directly click here
But first of all throw new error and error
What will be your error, it will remain simple
is here that user or you speak here
Can
ho project id is required after that
After that you will say one more thing here that
If the users don't even know who to call you
If you want to add then you will say that also after this
Here is a check and I am speaking here
I would like to but I think I will say it here
it will be ok that
Perform Check For
project
id is
It Mangu
ID
and do
Beans
For
Users Are
elements okay so here we go now this
We are checking that the project ID that comes
and who is a part of the users and who
are there going to be elements inside it
There is a proper id of [ __ ] db then do that
Here we are, let's wait a little bit
it is happening so look here it has now
what have you done so that now the project
The idea is coming and the users who are inside Arey
The elements that are coming inside Users Are
is he checking them and telling them or is he the one
Properly validate mongoose id if not
He did it and we accept it
After accepting, after accepting,
what will you do after that here is a query
I want to run a query, what will you run
Wait ok one more thing here you need to check
You will have to do one more thing here and check
You will have to do this, brother, whatever user tries
and to add users first
whether the user himself is in that project or not
if not then he can't do this if you
Brother, first you should be in that project only then you
Can you add new users, otherwise what is the sense?
Like that is security flow so we
What are you going to do here, first check this
We will do that the user who wants to add a new user
he is trying that particular
We will tell you whether it is in the project or not
Find a project here first
are project and project equals
Two
avet project model dot find one and
Inside Find One, we have a guide for Pay ID
We will find the basis and where to get the ID
You will get the ID, Project ID
Apart from this there is one more thing you need to check here
Now you will have to do t is users and users
you will need one thing here
User ID This is the user ID that the user can use to try
and to add the user his
If it is going to stay then we will have to order it
So okay, we will get it and also
You also check that if
It was also not presented that if brother among these
from if not user id and also another
We will do it here that brother user id also
If you don't have a Mangas ID, you will still get an error here
Pay return, after this users and
Within the users you will have to send it here
Look at the user ID and this is the query that is being made
this query will do two things for you first
So on the basis of the ID it will find that brother this
Is there a project or not? If it is found, then
okay then after that if you get the project
If you go then will you check this too?
particular user id is particular
Is it in the project or not? If not,
This means that brother, the user who adds this
in that project he is trying to
he does not belong in that project
If not, then what will you do? Its simple
This means that brother is now an unauthorized
Tried to access and here
You will do a throw if not project that if
If you did not find the project here then
you throw dot
Inside new Error and Error you pass
user does not belong to
the to this
The project just so happens to throw you an error
I will stay here after this if everything goes well
You will run a query which query will you
what to do
will remain project dot project dot here
run a simple query on it
Awet
Const
Updated
Project Equals to Await Project Model
dot five and update and inside this you find
You will add more on the basis of project ID
You will do this to the users and this is the new truth
New is true, it means that whatever is new
After updating the document it will be created
If there is a return then see what we can do here
here we are running a query
Which are the Find One and Update so first we will tell you
Find One will do it on the basis of Project ID
After you're done with Find One,
users hey users hey the users who
hey did you meet me in this function that brother new
If users add you then all those users you
You will add it with the help of operator add to
Set and Dollar Each with the Help of These Operators
You will add new users to this particular
inside after this after this what do we do
There are going to be a new document that will be made
After updating the document,
Returns have to be made and when this work is completed
You will return it, the return will be updated
all you need to do is do the project
The updated project you returned
You can receive this project
inside the controller here ok here now
You will need one more thing first, you find
do it
Const lagged in user equals to await user
Model D Five on the Basis of Email and Email
On the basis of you will find the user's lag
keep these users and now here you can click return or a
call the function which you have created for the service
Await Project Service Ad was created inside
user to project this function which you have
I have created it and I will give you three things in it
project id users and user id then
These are the three things you will pass from here
Which project ID? Project ID?
after that you will pass here users end
After the users, you can pass one more thing here
will you do that is user id user id what
The user who will try the new users will remain
To add that, you have to login to the user
Underscore ID here you will pass it now
So here this function has been called and
Here you just return after the function is called
get it done response dot status status
Yours will be 200 and after 200 in Jason
You need to pass some data in json
Like whether the project has been updated
That and I thank you that it will be fine if I save it
after saving now this particular end
We will check the point but to check
For this we need a user and our database
How many users are there right now I have 2 users
So right now I am in touch with the test one.
If you look here at the postman, you will be logged in
Hey I think now we will start with the test one and this
So I think I can delete it now
We created a new one
Let's wait, the net is running slow today
A little bit in the postman that we just read last time
I made a route and saved it as
name get all see inside this project d all
We will get all the projects after that.
Currently we are only allowing test users on Postman
I was logging in, see what we do
Here we create a new route
and we can name it here
later keep it inside projects
We created a route for routes
inside add user ok add user we have created
I have done this, let me put it here
I think it won't be a gate type thing, what we have
I had created that is put so put inside
Now you have to send some data in body so RAW
I can send some data here in RAW format
I am telling you which data should be sent the most
First I have to send you my project ID.
If yes then we will send the project ID here.
the project id the project id which is
I think we will create it from within
you can conclude that this is your project
id ok here is the project id
After that you will see a user name here
If you want then you need an array named users and
In this, you need the ID of the users.
For the users id, I am going to direct him to
I am copying this user ID from the database
and paste so we got this user id
Then we need one last thing
will remain inside the header, inside the header you will
Bearer and token in authorization part
If you want to send then
With birr and birr you will send it here
The token will remain yours, I think
The login part should still have
We have this take token to end token
we will send to
here come here paste and now
Let's try sending it once
so user does not belong to this project ok
So the user does not belong to this project
this is an error we are getting so try it once
let's try it once let's try it
what is the problem with the token
this is ours
this is the end of this particular id this is b9
b9 is coming at the end of this I am going to
If I make it a little bigger, you'll get a little
You can clearly see that b9 is coming here
and inside the project if I look at
So did we not create the project?
it is there and hey b9 is also coming inside it means that
Here in some problem logics we have seen some
The problem is with the project service
Inside here in users, the user ID which comes
doing
You will have to run this for all users once
I would like to check what we did here
If you are running then the console
Dlog User ID
Let's run the end query once again
sent After sending, click on the terminal
What is coming users not belonging to this
project
end error ok this error is coming bina so here
But the proper B9 is coming here
Proper is coming but error is also coming along
So we need to fix this error
Inside user server we have already set this condition and
if you have kept it installed then find it
User inside user inside user find
id y we are running properly
End User
Id p
and it is failing here
is the project id and is there anything here
Console dot lock project is also not coming
I think this tap is coming
If you check the terminal again it will be sent
this tap is coming fine if I go to this particular
remove the part and try again
So it's still coming from the tap
if yes then it is still coming from tap means that
There is some problem with the project ID
The project is
I will try and send the ID
And this here this ID is coming out a little different
This id is coming out a little different
ok so let's try to convert this
let's do the user id which is
This
I am two string
And let's try it once and then see
So now he is taking some time once
Let's try, let's wait a bit
ok still we get the same error here
The tap is coming let me figure it out okay
If yes then you have understood the problem, why is the error coming?
I was getting an error and I knew the code so I corrected it
I had written the code correctly but I had made a mistake somewhere
And where was the mistake, do you know, the postman?
The ID that you were passing, we are passing this ID
You were passing this ID, the one that came earlier was wrong
think what we were passing was this id
But the project ID that we have created
This is the actual project ID that I have kept
I know how I checked here Mangu that
I went in and checked it manually
that brother what is the id of the project
Then I came to know why I was not
If the ID is different then this is what happens
Brother you have written the code correctly but for some reason
You are getting an error due to some other thing and you know it
This is your business. Now this is your business.
Is
that this is with us like students who are our
Online students study Malab Sherian
If it is offline then Sherris's who is offline
They also have students of this type
Doubts come, meaning this type of exact
no but there are many like this at this level
When doubts come then it is very lucky that we
live here and at the same time our
There are mentors who are always working for them
Are present in the hours all seven days
If you are present all seven days of the week
Their life is a little easier here
I am just telling you that this is how it happens
You see, okay, there was an error here.
And I have done this, let's save it and send it.
if you do it then you will see it here now
The response is proper and users are hey
If you look here, I see two IDs are coming up now
2. The proper ID is coming here
Which users belong here
So here we have created one more route and
I was just thinking about it for a while
Brother, when I figure out the error then I will know
Let's go for a route, we're going to need it more
yes we need a route
You will need to believe that you will have to do it
if yes then in back end user is inside routes
Creating another route in routes
hmm router d got all yes so we have to get an all
Routes are needed for the users so that we can get all the information
Users who enter and return to your database
so what we're gonna do here is just this
We need to create a user in the controller
Inside the use controller inside the controller we
Let's go ahead and create another controller
Export Con Get All Controller
and here comes the service which
whichever part of your service will be good
let's write try and catch first
Which are the functions inside ERR & Service function
sorry inside service file inside service file
Inside user service file a service you will find
and will continue to create
Export Const Gate
user const get all users equals to here
But you will put this sink inside this sink
You will run find and what will happen from the find
Find as many users as you can in your database
All those will be returned to you and saved
After saving, do this
inside controller const all
users equals to
await user service dont get all user to use it
will call and it will return us
The number of users you have in your database
ok we need to put a check here
You will have to check that this is in a particular route
In this particular route we don't have that user
What should we do for the lag in
You know, first of all you should find it
const log 10 user equal to await user
Find inside the Model Dot Five and Find One
Email address of the person speaking here inside the forest
You can find on the basis of
Low and inside this particular function I
I am sending the user id, just send the user id
I am sending you here, I cannot do anything else
And this Get All Users function is like this
But I will accept the user ID as well.
I am just accepting the user ID
if we have done it then we want to say this here
that if the user id is present here
then you cannot know this particular user id
You will bring it inside the find, you will not stay here
You can simply run this query with
id email one email one key i don't think key
If needed, we can remove it for now
Okay, not equals to user ID, that's it for now.
Will it happen that the query you made here
Now what will happen with this is that all the users
Meaning all users will return but
Except for the user who remains logged in
After saving the controller
we have created it, we have created it
Now let's try running Lia and All
Then you will come to Postman after login
You have already created your profile
let's do this one
will duplicate this
Rename All
Users here you will say inside all header
So I don't think we have to do something with our body too
Don't give anything here let's do it straight away
what did sending it give you
It will say unauthorized user ok then once i
If the Think Token has expired then the token
Let us refresh it once and see here
Copied from Birr Token inside All Users
Who
we do this
are changing
send then he is waiting for the net for some time
There is an issue, okay, so here's a response now.
Time is out and this is a net issue
I think this shouldn't happen with our server
If there is any issue then let's figure it out now.
if so what is the problem then i
I will do it on Get All Users, ok very nice
very nice very nice do you know here
It happened, we found all the users
But no response was sent in return
is the return
response.status.200 end users now
I will share it, now I will try it again
Do
I am trying but still the same
Are you having problem and is there any error
Let's get the console done and see the log
error end rinse dot status 400 end whatever
There will be an error
If that is ok then I will send it once again
if user id is not defined then user
The id is not defined
ok the user id here you have to enter it
Logged in users will have to send it in a different format
dot under id try it now and here
But now you've got all the users
Accept except for the user who was logged in
It's going great so we have a
The API is an endpoint and created
Now we have to integrate all these.
So now with our React application,
Let's do it friend there is a problem
The problem has become that at one end point we
forgot to make which one
Details of a particular specific project
If we want then we create that end point
If they haven’t done it yet, they can create it now.
come on routes and come on routes
After that what we have to do is just router dot
We will speak to the users at the gate and inside the gate
No users, here you are the only one I want
projects will remain
And here you can say one thing, gate
Project this is going to be your route gate
project and after that you in parents
If you need project ID then click here
It's very simple, first I put on a middleware
After installing the middle ware the project is
controller get project by id this one
You will need to create a controller
We create the controller project
of the controller
Inside
End
Export
const project by id equals to a
sync request end
response end here but what will we do here
You can extract the custom project ID here
You remove yourself from the parents
after this what do you have to do after this
Creating a service function is a
You will need to create a service function
Not in the middle ware, but inside your service
Project service, inside this you will find a
To create a function
export const get project by id
in which in parents you can specify project id
You will send it, check first if the project
If ID is not present then Project ID should be entered here
If you are not getting it then just say it straight away
error straight error yes straight error you will say that
Project ID is required then
If the Mangus ID is valid then you will check it
After that you will directly find the PR and one more thing
You will have to populate it here
Hey users, you just have to keep this thing in mind
that to populate the users and the users
return after populating
You can use the project and this service
If you do it here then it will be in try and catch block
we're gonna write logged in user i don't
Think logged in users are needed here
It's going to be just for you
Const Project Equals to Await
Project Service d Project by ID
You will use it and after using it
You can get simple return done
return response date status project end
You will try to catch it, sorry, you will try to close it
will you start the catch from here if something
An error occurs. If any error occurs, then you
You will pass it on in a message wherever you are
Let's save the API that will be called
After doing this, now try again
do
but postman your postman is not here
the postman is going to meet you here
Inside the project I replace Just Get All with
Now I am duplicating this and get all
I'm renaming it instead of copying it
With Gate
project in project gate project this
The route is going to change particularly here
we will speak
Get Project Slush We Need It Here
If the project ID remains, then the project ID
We can order from Get All Project only
Here is your project ID, we will send it to you
You can use it here I think and if
Let me check this once in the headers
I am doing it, yes I have the token, let's do it
send so here now you will get a particular
Details of the project can be found here
What is the project's ID and its name?
What is inside it and which users are added?
You can get all that data here.
So you have created this API also and this
We forgot one API, so this is separate again
I recorded it ok so on and so forth
You will get it in the next video, okay so that's it
That was all you got in the react part
So now let's do some integration friend
Let's see what we're going to do
How does your front end look right now?
Your front end I think is something like this
whatever type of thing we are seeing here
The user will remain logged in and that particular user
Whatever project will be there in
If you want to show us the project here then
so what we're gonna do is look at the front end
Pay comes in SRC inside the front end
which page is this is this is your page
home page so this is home screen here
what do we have to do use state one
You have to make an API call and on that API call
We need to get the data by calling that API
that who is this particular user
If it is inside the project then what can we do for it
First of all, look at what you are doing, use state here
use effect sorry use
effect and AGs are already here
We just need to do one more thing here
Use
inside the effect we need here
the whole project so the whole project is given to us
But it is needed and for that we are here
acus dot get what was the route of its api
on all so this is get type inside end all
do we need some persistence i don't
thank you we need some strength here
end straight
We are the Slush Project
sl
In the part where all and dot then we say
The projects which we will get from you will be given
In Response
I will get you for now just get the console done
kasol diallog replies data response is coming
It is happening and at the same time if some error comes
If any error comes then we will try that also.
If you take it here then put console dot
error fixed now one
do this again and again after reading
Here I am getting an error and what is the error?
hey let's see the error now something is coming data
If you look, I am getting an error
Unauthorized User Why Unauthorized User
If I am getting it then I think I am getting it because of this
must have been because this token is a token
If it has expired then try it again
you try to log in
5173 slush log
these test login and now the data here but
The data is still coming unauthorized
If we are still getting the error "unauthorized"
If I reload it, it's not coming
If you are stuck then here are the projects
Inside you will find a project called
The name is PR and you will get users
That's all you have to do with end users
if we are getting it then what should we do
As much data, as many projects are coming
we will store them in a state
use state snip in variable
It State they are giving their name to the project
End set project will initially be MT
MTR will remain and what will we do about it
You just have to do one thing, set it up
Project Res Set Data Res Data
project that you will set for the project
You can remove it inside and now do one more thing
We will have to do more that this new
There is a project button as well as its
Along with this, whatever your project is
We will put the map one after the other
I will get everyone rendered, come here
close and i think there is another problem here
yes it is closed here but this
Where did you come from? Now try it once.
Here you can get PR and here
P Aarav is writing but here I have to
If you do not want to add a link, you can remove it
ho and at the same time this is the project
I am saying this
Flux
flex wrap gap we will say three
so here now you are getting pr1 pr1
Along with this, I am giving some importance to this div
Which classes would I like to add?
If we can give him classes then his income will increase
think we can talk
Cursor
pointer so that the click looks a little kind
Of this type and I will give one more thing
I would like to flex this whole part
The project name is this, I am putting it inside h2
Give
I would like to PR1 is coming now but we
what can you do add some classes here
can class name
Text bolt will not display good text
what comes here that is fun mono or
Normal semi bold or a little bold
it's done and at the same time there's something here
I am doing classes and adding projects
Which flex is inside
Flex column a little gap to the end one thing
I would like to add here the number of
Participants in this project
So here we say display
We need flex cap to be an icon
But before that icon there is a div here
If you are closing then please tell me here
need project dot users dot
length so look here number of
How many participants are there in this project
Inside we are getting to know it clearly
Later we also see a little icon here
I want an icon, that means brother how particular
if yes then remix icon appears on remix icon
and search
person person and this is a simple person
I have received it, will copy it
After this we will paste the class directly here
You will put the class here instead of
class name end return if come on front end then
Look here users you are getting simple
So this is a project and it is simple for you
we are getting a bit what can we do
would be ok to give this to me
So Min
You have the option for width from end
13 Try rum once and you will have one
The option is coming and every pay every pay we say
are
BG Some BG can give its color
Something
this is it, if you attack him then he will
Its color will change simply and one
I think we can do more work throughout this
we are putting it in a p tag
Cut P
I am tagging and writing here
Collaborators
Okay, how many collaborators have arrived here?
there are number of collaborators to have and this
I am also doing one thing called cut small paste
Kolbo Meters It
R can I make it smaller too
just look at me
Okay, so here we have the number of collaborators.
two are becoming apparent now if you look as soon as
if I click on this particular tile then
What should happen is a new page opens here
It should be done where its full details are available
There will be details of this entire project
so what we're gonna do here is let's see
Creating a screen Create another screen
you are doing this and naming the screen yours
Project Just Screen Name Project
D
J&R function is now being adopted by calling
Fifth note of musical scale
Stamp Snap Project File Name
If it is wrong then here there will be just one T at the end.
I will have to rename it again. Click T Enter.
So here you have created another screen
There is nothing in the project yet
There's nothing inside but what are we doing here
We are going to compete with each other whenever the user
The user can click on any of these
if you do that then what should happen click on div
The user should be navigated so
For this we use context react router
I'm asking for a hook from Dum
Navigate from re router dum a variable we
We will create a construct here
navigate const navigate equals to
Use
Navigate here this is misspelled correctly
then navigate will come ok use navigate use
After navigate, on click you can perform a function
Run it and say it inside the function
Navigate project this this this so you this
you will be navigated to a particular route but
I don't want that just you on slash
Navigate and then we get some data
If you want to send it from here within the state then
The project data that remains will be completed
It will go there and we will mention similar things here
But if you want to bring it then bring it here with you
I think it stays
Navigate and just do one more thing, save yourself
The project string is for you to see
If you want to install routes then use the routes
Your routes are routed through and through
Copy paste this in your I think
you can speak here
Two projects
Instead of Project and Register you can click here
Lyrics
Two projects
So let's try the components once
You have arrived at the project and just the data that comes
it is there i want to check that here
If the data is coming or not then the console
dot log navigate dot state I think
So now a little error is coming here that
he is not able to find the state to navigate
If I can't find it then I think there won't be a way
Let's look at it another way
if import use navigate reroute
Dum
navigateUndefined is coming ok
let's take this back rilo so here it is now
You are getting some data but the data which we
we are unable to find it let's
How to figure this out in two minutes
I am telling you how to do it
So friend, I got to know the reason
here we are using the wrong hook
But whoever comes here will be something like this
But instead of navigating, custom location will be used
Location and similarly location will come here
Then let's try the front once again
And here is your back red p aarv and here p
Use location is not defined great because
If we didn't import it
Use
location end now try again
so look at the project data i think
it's done we don't need to reload
The project data is coming here and
Users and their IDs within the project
also we are getting it here
We have opened the projects now
We have to make a UI for it but
First let's see the layout, in the Fama they see
come on first friend we have already arrived on the farm and
In Figma we have a little bit of a layout kind of
we have to create that for our project
The UI is going to be what it will look like, so let's see
First of all, I am adding a frame here
Whatever frame remains, it will remain
The deck top frame of the desktop is something like this
where is he from now what is going to happen here
Here, mainly you will find two areas, two
areas are available if you go to the far left
If you look at that part then there is an area of ​​yours
This particular thing will happen from here to here
area okay this will remain an area and its
Apart from this, you will have one more area
which will be from here to here then both of these
is there any area let's talk about it first
the area which is coming here
What is this on the left side? You can chat here.
meaning you will be able to do whatever your teammates
whoever will be collaborated with this particular
You can chat with them about the project here
can you mean what do you mean look what will happen here
On the bottom side here, right at the bottom here
just give me a second its the background
Let me change the color a little bit here, okay?
If it is there then it would be here, right at the bottom
The input field will be there, you will have an input
the field will remain as well as your
There will also be a button here, so its color will be
let me change it a little bit this end one
Here you will have a button and click on this button
It will be written send, so here you will have a button
maybe you can round it off a bit
Don't I want it a little round
Just have to do it
Okay, so we'll have a button here.
If I send it then it will appear here, is this an input?
field and this is a send button as soon as
If you click on this button, the message will be displayed
will go and the messages you have given earlier will be kept
well by the way here with a header on top
So we kept a place holder and talked about it
what will happen inside it
Whatever your messages are for now, they will remain
there must be a show going on over here like this
there is a message this must be a message which one is this
The message is not from the other person but from you
They are team mates, they must have sent these
message, in addition to the message you send
They must be coming on this side as if it is normal
If you are coming here then something of this type
Our UI is going to be there and here this
We had left it a while ago, what will happen in it
There is nothing in this, an icon is appearing here
There will be an icon coming up here and this
This is an icon, I want to tell a little about this icon
is colouring
I am shortening the end
this will be an icon for groups as soon as
As soon as you click on it you will
If you click, a panel will appear from side to side
Which teammates will you be after?
They are all there, you will become something as a list
So now we have to create that panel.
How will it look like, see that panel
It will look something like this: it will be a rectangle
Ofcourse it will be a rectangle
you can change the background colour
And inside this again the user's name is coming one by one.
it will be a tile type that one
This is your user and the most important thing inside a user is
First of all, his profile image came.
don't get tired we have given profile images there
We can use a background or default image.
This will be your profile image and then
At the same time a text will be coming here
Nothing in the text will be written here
I am changing its color, not the user
with black can't i change it
I can
I can't change the color of the stroke
I have been
ok text user name and its color i
why am i not able to change but auto auto
Auto Outside Effect
Export
regular it was down below it was down below the text
that was below the outline stroke we removed
If you can then look here is the user name, we will
You can make it a little bold or a little regular
bold extra bold and that's it
His username will come, his image and his
username and by doing this you will have it
I'm selecting this and doing this
are you
Groups do this, as many as there are
Your teammates will all be here
If you are there then you have your own layout and know this
when is the show, as soon as you come here
If you click on this particular then this slide
He will come here and we have one more work to do.
What I have to do is I will put all of these down here
I am bringing it
Because there will be an icon here
An icon just next to here
It will be at the top, whatever color you want
it will remain black and t x no it
which will be written here only
will be x as soon as you get this particular x
If you click on it, will it come back?
If it slides inside then it will be a
It's a small idea, yes, just this part
What is left is this part, when you are real
We will implement the time chat application
After that let's discuss that this one
What is going to come in the part, enough for now
If we make this much then we are for this much
what are you going to do look where did a go
Here is the VS code so here it is
A page of the project now has two things in it
The first part of This Left is going to happen
Where all this chats and groups are
Things will remain and then you will have complete AI
If that part is okay then let's talk about it
on that here first of all we make a
main element something inside the main element
I am giving class, class and class
Inside here, first of all give the height
its screen end as well as the one which
I am giving its width as well
Screen flex and that's it for now
for this we are giving the items now inside this your
There will remain a left part which you
You can also call it section, then section, section
dot left its class will remain the same
Let's do a left enter, after pressing enter now
In the left section, its height will be
That is full, as much as the height of the parent
You take it, after that we will add one here
I would like to have min width and min width which
It will stay for now, I am saying this
it's too less i think 15 rum is enough and bg
I'm just going to test it out Red
BG C No Just BG Red Save Front End
Let's come and check the read so here
We don't see any UI yet
inside module root root main this is coming
hey here we have spelled screen
If it is written wrong then you have to click on left here
the left part has been received
After this now we have to add some things here
Which are those? First of all, add a header
so I am telling him for the header
Inside the header we have some classes in it
If you want to give classes then we will give class name here
you will be speaking
flex flex justify between and one
If you read this we will be talking about other things here
Paddit four and width will remain as it is
full ok wit full end as well now
Here we have to add some icons and here
Don't justify ending it for now
I would just like to add one more icon to it.
If you want to do it then we can add an icon from the remix icon
here's your browser remix
a group after coming on icon remix icon
If we write here then group group group
Group Group This one you can also use this
yes but I like this one more
I like the particular icon more
I am having it and I think I used it once
Let's see, instead of let's use fill class, we
We will use the saved class name here.
After saving let's see how it looks
it is here now it is here it has arrived yours
icon and one thing I'm here to put the background
I want to add color
BG Slate and I Think This Much Is Enough are here
and on this we just have to press a button inside
I have to insert this whole part
So
Inside the button, this will go your entire i
saved the tag after saving click on button
If you want to give some class then we will give the class name
Scate PD Pattu Rounded Full BG Slat End
me here
But I don't have to give any background color and
You don't even have to give rounded off, just keep it simple
I'll keep it here and let's do one thing, this
Padi hai Padi four is padit from all directions
And P X which means horizontal
In direction I am just saying four turn
I have got two toys and here is a button
It's coming to us simply, what do we need now
The rest of it is to do, this is to be created as well
If anything is similar then we will create it ourselves
Let's create this particular here
area here i am getting message area kind
I want to make an off where all the messages are visible
There will be an end and at the same time we will get this input field
If we want to show it, then what do we do for it
Here comes the code and header part
This little function is almost done
We have to install more, we will install it later
After this, I am creating it here.
Conver
session area will create this
After doing this, two things will happen here
Which things became one with your message?
The box inside which all the chat messages are stored
you will see as if look at this area
You will see what we created in Figma
This is the grayed out area that you see
You see a gray area here.
The area from here to here is your message
There will be a box where you will get all the messages
Apart from this, you will be seeing
We will have one more thing here, which one?
You will have an input field this input
One of your normal input fields in the field
whose type will be text and in this
can you provide some place holders
Enter
enter message one this will be after this one just
It will be a simple button and it will be written on it
cent or we can also use an icon on it
If you can then let's go for the icon
remix icon pay pay remix icon here it is
And just search here and send it
It is possible that the icon here may help you
If you don't like it then you can choose another library
you can also use this plain
I am feeling a little better so I will use it
I am doing
hmm and instead of class here comes class
I have saved my name, if you come here then this will help you
icon icon everything is visible here now we
What should I do about this text that I am getting?
The input field which is coming should come here at the bottom
If I need some time then I will come here first
I'm doing two things, class is because
I need some money here too
For that we are giving some class to the overall
padi apan ko to chahiye and horizontal padi
Whatever remains, we need it to be saved
Gaya and after that
Us
Border None and Outline
nun it's done then just we have a job
and to do
that here it is saying width full end
This flux grows after flexus flexus
it will happen and this particular area
hey just bring me this here a little
The input field will remain flex to its width
is it coming or is it taking it completely okay
Flex one more thing we have to do is
This is a button, this button has class flex
Grow or flex will take up the whole area meaning
After this the button will take up your remaining area
we do one more thing and this is done now
The conversation area is the conversation area
If I want to give it its full height then do one thing
We do
Flex
Flex Columns After flex columns we are here
But this conversation area of ​​yours is what I call it
I'm flexing
Grow Lux Grow and now what your
The conversation area will take up the entire space
He should have taken whatever was left over
Now after this, this is your message box
This is your message box, look at it now
This height and width are not taking anything
The width is taking up a little bit, 240 pixels
around end but taking height zero then
what are we going to do for that flex it
will give flex direction column
We use Flex Column and Message Box
will say flex
Grow ok so now look at this message of yours
this is the box which is your message box which
He took up all the space that was left and
Your area below is now available to us
what to do is to use the colours that are coming
If we want to correct it a bit then we need red color
you don't need this from anywhere just
remove it completely
two you can remove this end header which is this
You can also keep it normal white 100 end
Here you can see the background color a little bit
keep it dark
[music]
so some things are working fine in this way but
a problem has occurred a problem has occurred
Button is too small Button is too small
if it has gone then let's do one thing friend press the button
So I have given you a plan to do one thing
are p aces
Padika but
the button button is coming so
and this button
this is this particular button ok this is yours
We were talking about the button that Paddit gave us
If you want to increase it, click on this button
we do it here
x then let's try three again, three this
Here is your button, this input box, simple and this
As for your send button, you have selected this area
I have completed a little and now it is here
All you have to do is create a kind of message box
If yes, you could have brought the message box here as well
let's save it, after saving this
This message box will remain your message box
It will remain inside this, inside this you will speak
flex a flex not true only
flex that display flex you have to do
And the flex direction will remain the same
your column end then here one by one
If you want to bring the message then first we come here
Create an input or incoming message
Who are the incoming messages that are coming to you
Everyone else in the project except you
The messages that have been sent are incoming messages
If yes then we are saying here that hello
Only hello is said in the message and
We need one more thing, do you know what
A particular user has sent this message too
If we need it then come here, Hello
so it is here together with together we are here
But if you want to bring an email then click here
it will be written in small print
Example Example
Rate Gmail
your email will be sent to gmail and if something
If you have a message then write it in your Lorem form.
If you have your message then please do send it to me right now
We are seeing a message or something like this
what to do incoming message its common
The class we are giving is a message which
That flex direction display will remain
flex and flex direction which will be
There will be a column gap, you can use one
something like this will happen to him, what is the gap removed
I can
the gap is fine we are removing it completely end
also its font size should be a little
sa font size i think the font size is ok
I am increasing its width a little bit
hmm min width i was i gave this somewhere
Section Header Min Width
Six here min vid earlier it was six
If I increase it and make it
So this min width was not increased
If the min width is increased to 10
go let me check width is not increasing
what 2.5
Rum
ok let's do it again min width are we
I didn't give you that much, let's see, Min
Width Min
width
15 96 so this is too much this is too much now
If it has become too much then remove the end from 96
Let's reduce this a little bit before 96
there was another one coming that is
72 is enough I think this much batting
ok there's more to come here
If something else is to come here then that is enough
And now what are we doing about it
The font size is I made it a bit smaller
If I want to do it then I am giving it P tag
inside the p tag and whatever remains will be
I am saying the class name and text which
The text will remain, it will be yours
I want no end 2l no just this
I want to give SM, don't you have it?
If it's ok then this much text is coming fine
And this is the opacity of your email in this email
I want to reduce the opacity a little bit
I want opacity 15, you can adopt it
i think 65 ini ok and in a class
and I would like to add text here
SM
Extras
small ok and now messaging girl
It is yours, you need to add some things to it
which ones will you speak here padi padi aap
Give me the two keys
And you will save it, give me the background color
Here
Pay this one this will be your background color
The width will remain whatever it is
fit width fit end we need here
Rounded
MD this became rounded MD came after this
I think it will be enough, just one more thing to do
So there is an incoming message on your left side.
Side P remains by default, now we have to click on it here
If you want to show the message on the right side then
what can we do for this just look at this
It was an incoming message, it was an incoming message
tha this is what i am doing just copy and
Look here, now there are two incoming messages
so for this now i am doing a work around
I am doing this to give left margin here
I am on the margin left
auto look the message has arrived here and one
We are doing some more work and he is their parent
flex level i am talking about gap one
So there is a little gap between these two.
I will go and I know there is one more thing I have to do
if you increase this g if you look at this
If you increase it, it will happen
Will this happen and if you increase it further, it will increase like this
If you go then we know what to do here
You need to set a max width for this
For a particular message, this is what
This is your incoming call so I think I will delete it
can you or I think we have already removed it
yes you can remove its h need from this also
No, we are just here to do a job
Are
And here we can set the max width.
giving
oh just a second let's set it on this
64 And now if you try this
If it is like this then you can make it smaller
Think
64 Let's Go With
56 Okay, so this much feels fine to me and
same with we have to do here so max
width 56 let's bring this to end paste
If we save it here then it will come here now
Whatever Max Witt remains of both will remain
After saving your max is 56
Now you can close it and now you
A bit like a chat UI here
It will appear that yes brother this is an incoming
There is a message and these outgoing messages have one more task
can you know if this is your message
This is the box where your message box is placed
we can add padit a little bit then that
We needed a space from the border
Now you will get the breathing space you need
he lives here we will find him nice
So One UI is complete now
What you have to do in this is this one
this is the part click on this part
Click on it and select a side panel from here
It should be open then they create it
So let's come here and close this
after closing after closing we
what can I do here
Are
Let's create our own element here.
We create an element here
Are
inside dot side panel end side panel now
for this you can do just one thing, this is a little
C we give width width just me
I want to perform an animation and see that brother
is it working or not working
m width and height you tell me here
Let's give 60 and the background color that will remain
The background color will remain
Elderly women
red so your box has arrived but that
We do not have to bring ourselves in this type of
What to do, keep it by default
Position
Absolutely Absolutely you will keep it you will keep it
You will say right to zero end
You will keep this much zero from the top and at the same time
This is your left part, you
Tell your relative that whatever box is yours
It is coming from here but not of this type
We want it from here right to 100
If you want then right click on box at 100
Your box should have been here
no i need to take it right out of the screen
If we have to go left then what can we do
From the left to the right
It's still not happening if it doesn't happen like this
so i have other options
okay now your box is here
It has gone completely out of the screen now
Now what do we have to do here, just a simple
The thing you have to do is that you create a button
this group thing was done on its click
Click on it and take it back to us in an animated way
I have to bring it on the screen, then they will see
How will they do it, come on friend look at us here
What I have to do now is that when I go to this particular
If I click on the button then a red
We had made a color panel and kept it here
slowly slide over here
how can we do that in animated way
hey look let's go here on vs code and
First of all we create a state variable
we are using a state variable so we should use
You are going to need a state. Use a state.
After the end use state we have to do one thing here
If you need another variable then use
Stat Snip It
is side
When the panel opens, we create a state variable
By default whatever remains will remain its fall
after that we will use it after that
We are going to use these classes
We have made the classes dynamic
If I am here then come here and just here
I tell you all the classes from this point to this point
I'm making it dynamic, we're calling it curly braces
Inside the curly braces
paste the string template and here now this
The transformed left part is
if we can animate this we can animate it
you can do it but it is not that efficient
it doesn't remain we will animate it with the
help of transform to transform
we're going to animate this with help
Come here, I will give you one condition
I am being that
condition is side panel open that if side
What will you do when the panel opens?
You will return here Transform
translate x and you get minus because
If you want to do it in direction then just minus you
You will minus and for that I think this one
it becomes full
else else you will keep it to mean something
You don't have to make any returns and just have to do one thing
All you need to do is to place your button inside the header
On your button which is inside the header, you will see
You have to apply it on click on set side
You have to toggle the panel then once it
Let's check and see if it's done
it is not happening then let's install the side panel
First let's bring the side panel here, this
Here is your side panel that is coming up now
translate x is coming full if on this
If I click, it is gone but that
let's not work
c x my
100% mine 100% do this work
If we go to see its position then here
and if I remove this here
From
So okay, now I know one more thing.
There is a Chromium based browser here
feature comes at the end of layers if I
If I reload, just put me on the layer here
It should be seen
was this is your main layer paints this
The paints are here, we have one more layer to come
There was one thing we left here
I had been looking at it, let's remove it and try one
We are removing it just once
so it's coming here if I open it
I will give it to you, it means that you have gone from here to there
something wont color a thing a try
try and see
are full this side panel
open
Otherwise, I will call it mine
I'm cutting it from here just a little bit
give me full here or else you will do it here
No need for minus at zero and here
okay so it's just starting to come
There is a problem that it is not in the transition way
it is coming, it is not coming very smoothly so
So here we are providing a simple property ad
would have done
there are transitions
all then see
it's coming in quite a good way now just a
The problem is that the entire width and
If the height is not covering then for that we
Let's do one thing here, that is, the background
The color is there as well as the width that we have
I have seen it here, you should have told me this
it is full and we will also tell you about its height
give full response after doing this much watch the relo
Now as soon as I click on this,
He is a diva and he will come here and everything
This way it will cover what we need now
We have to cross at this dip, at this dip
If we want to make it then for the cross we will do this
This is a side panel, this side panel has a
I am adding a header and the header will remain
We are adding some classes here.
class and in class we are talking here
After flex and flex
Justify
and and a little bit of padit padit to end
px3 just the background color that will remain that is
Let and I
think this one okay and that's it we're here to do some
If you want to add an icon then the icon will be the button
so in the button first
I am creating it, after the end button close
fill this icon is done and now on click of button
What should happen whenever you click here
Whenever we click on this,
The side panel was open, it should be closed
If you want then reload it opened and as soon as I
If I click on it, it will close.
This is how things are going ok
By the way, this is the layer you see here
These are the elements that have gone out
it is used here, it is quite good for you
You can give it a try once
you can read and see the layers if on this
You need a dedicated video, brother this
Exactly what is it, how to debug with layers
If so, you can comment on it as well.
We will try debugging on that as well
How does it help you
Bring your video for the website as well
okay then we can close it
There was no use of this, I myself have figured it out
I have taken it out for now, it's ok, I will reload it
yes and here you have done it very simply
Animation is done, just one more thing to do
The one you had posted in the header
we are removing the end reload button which is here
It is going on and the padi is still going a little
If it falls in the C header then I have not given it
but now
some p2 but if I am going here then I think
something is going error
Will there be any error or is there any error
No
hey padi to justify
end end if you are saving this then
px4 okay he's taking the px4 but here the
I have given him zero marks, is he taking it?
Is
no ok ok ok ok ok ok I
I was a little bit confused literally
I was confused here that this brother, this
where is this padit coming from so that
the second header was the second header was okay so padit
we need some money click on this
it's coming
that's what should happen here now
Any users who are interested in this particular project
They will be shown in the form of a tile inside
There should be a lot of them like we have here in Fama
Look, we made this type of thing in Fama
If we had made something then this is the UI we need now
If we want to implement it then we will do it
first of all this red color
I am deleting deleted after deleting
look now if something like this is coming then first of all
give it some background color
If you need it then come here slate 200 end
200 is a bit too much so take it
they speak
50 this is coming now here in tile form
I am here to help users come to the tile form
If you want then you have a header on the side panel
that we have added flex to it flex
We haven't added it here yet, so click here
Comes on flex that display flex
hoga and flex direction which will be
There will be a little gap at the end of the column
to save will do after saving will do
After the header you can close it
Users will be coming here after the headers
Inside the end users one by one you have
If all the users come then by the way here
Flex and flux direction as required
We want that column end, we want it here
pay gap to and after this we will speak here
one type here we will say sl chat chat
You can say it or you can call it a user
yes
user here okay now here you
I will have to post some image for now
I am just searching
am the default user image or
attar free pic apne pasand kya me
I can down-draw an SVG
SVG default user icons logo one task
let's do it we can go with icon so here
Let's go and just search for a user
yes and we should have options look
So many users are coming to us here
let's take one of these just take this
Let's take a copy of the image after copying it
instead I'm creating a div here
div class name expect square us
should be rounded
full rounded full end as well as us
I want a little padi to end background
The color we want is a little darker
I will stay inside it and inside it we
You can add an icon and the icon will remain
that is not class that will remain class not mistake
Do not add this class anywhere else, an error will come
When you see and see in react then it is very
It has become much bigger, okay, it is very big
We have grown so much that we are so big
I don't want to do just one thing
expect ratio this this this and now you think
How come everything has suddenly become so small?
Because earlier everything was zoomed in Earlier everything was zoomed in
That's why it looked like this to you right now
default is running now come here
And pull this page which we have given here
You shouldn't have come so far, so one thing
We will do width, wit and height here which
yes, I will say that too
The fit is ok, expectation ratio I think
if it is not working then it starts working
If I give it a display flex then
Items Center and Justify Send to Your
The icon will appear and the icon has already appeared here
yes but ya again square nahi hai
If this square is not coming then use it
Let's fix it a little bit, why is it square?
not coming
is expected
Ratio Expect Ratio No By One
ok one by one is coming but i
Think if I do this
Position
Absolute
And that's it, I'll give it a four
will the end increase further yes we can end
Here the text is, if you
Let me give you a white one, yours has already arrived
After user and user we have his user here
You can also add name after user
After the user, your h1 will appear here
Inside it will be written Username Saved.
After doing this, this is your username coming
We don't want this, we want it here
Flex Gap
two gap two did it close by mistake
yes i think it was closed ok
It is coming to an end just one more thing to do item
You have to bring centers pay and ave
I have to add some class inside class name
Class name: You will add the text here.
we don't want this here
font cm
Bold semi bold end little text
We need it to be bigger
Text
LG is ok so its just doing one more thing
can we say this here sir
The pointer cursor is the pointer and whenever you move your cursor to it
If you do everything then its background color will be
And there should be a slight change, then see
If something changes a lot then come here
Just
200 and padi came we can add it here
So whatever remains is to be done
Direction is okay, a little bit is fine now
And there is a pain coming from above, a little good
that's not padit that's gap I think he is here
But there is a gap, let's let him stay here
But let's leave it if you click on this
So here are your messages and I think of me
It looks like we are reducing its width a little bit now
If we can increase it then just we will do it
There is nothing to do, you are not inside the header
Top Pay and Minimum in the left section
We can increase the Vit which is 72 a little
You can view more than 72 near you
what is 80 or 96 if you try it once
so i think this is enough i think we have this
It's enough because it's original now
It is going on on zero scale so here we are
let's go, click on this, it's coming
we will have all the users shown who
will also be inside this project if I
If I click on it, all of them will be removed.
Now there is just one more thing we need to do in the UI
One more thing to add is that if you are
If you click on any one, it means that there is one here
We have to give the icon where which users
which you want to add should be shown and
there's a problem here
Before that a problem has occurred that this button
This button is looking very big, it is very big
The big one is coming so the button is there
You can use flex screws for this
are removing
Are
and input field we will call it flex
Whatever remains will be called our Gru and P X
are the padivas
Pay and just do one thing, do I want to see more?
its looking padi fi here yes it looks so
It is proper, but do we know anything about it?
can give good background color
Background
a bit of colour
Dark and text remain what they are
white okay so i think it's okay if you
You will write some message and as soon as you press this button
If you type, the message will go here
If you want it then you have to build it now
Well before that we need to build one more thing
What you want to do is to add the user in front of you
Here you can send us a button for that here
You have to create a website on which you can add users
After that you will see a component open modal
Type in all the users that are logged in to your database
They will be there, you will be visible in them all
you can select and to select
Afterwards you will say add users then on add users
All of them are in this particular case of yours
If they get added to the project then we will now
we have to create it now let's create it
So friend now we have to add a button here
So where do we add the react code to the button?
this is inside your front end which is your
Src is the folder where app.js is located
No Your Project Within Screens
I had this file open here by the way
So something like this, okay, so here in the header
Comes in the header and a button inside the header
So here we already have a button here
And we have to add a button and inside the button we
I would like to say just fine here one
First, I want to add an icon.
remix icon for icon remix icon p
The ads come, click on it and then click on the add.
Now I need to find some things here.
icons and l so it looks okay but some
And do we have any other options
I'm just looking for any of these
could sit better than
[music]
hey nut this one looks kinda ok to me
Are
But this and which of these should be selected
let's go with this copy and paste and here
Class name end will be coming in place of pay class
I need to add one more thing to the button.
first of all here
I am giving margin right one
and I am writing one in p tag in p tag
I am writing a simple ad
Kolbo
Rater simple and now if we come back to the front
And here you will find an ad box
But it's not coming into the right shape
so what do we do for it
This is your button, add some classes to it
will do some classes that is flex
flex after flex after flex we got here
There will be a gap but we need a gap too
along with this what you have said at the top
You must have given justified end to the header
you give just justify between save and
here is your button one more property to give
will remain that is items
center this is where your button is now at the center like
If you click on this then nothing will happen
why won't it happen because something was done
No, on click we will get a modal here
kind of creation has to be done and that model
Whatever may be happening to it, it will remain
All users will be shown in their database
If so, what are we doing for that
Just opening or creating a modal
outside the section and here I promote
I am creating, well it won't happen like this
to be something like this
copilot is not working right now
just let me reload the BS one more time
okay so give us a prompt here now
what is prompt create on
Modal
ch shows the users in the list way
and one
User
Click on
Gave
User tile when click here when delete user
you will get confused or else when you click on the
user tile it will
Select
the id of the
User
and store it in the sum
state
We have given the variable prime and one more thing
speak use tell
Wind for style and make it
Response
also okay that's why we have a huge
I have given him my love, let's see what he is doing
but what he is doing right now is not
We had to do this a little bit, so we just inserted the code here
will have to do it there
C
ok just a second now
Wait, now I am calling it reject
Because I don't even say this question
If you can get the latest code then I am talking about it
discard discard after your second
if you are going to speak this in a specific way then just one
I am opening chat window with copilot
end here
But now they are telling me to do the work brother
If you do it properly then it will take some more time
You will take it but I will think before doing our work
Let me wait a little bit, okay then
He wrote some code and I
I saw that he had written the code correctly when he came here
we accept to accept
Later you will see that we have just pressed a button
We had created a button here
Where did that button go that I created?
small case this one set side panel open this is
We have already made this Colbet girl
There was a set of modal open function calls
did and do you actually know if this is a
Here is the part where the state variable is set
But here the set is model, this is its own state
it has created the variable now if I
When I go to test it, watch me
is it working or not then add
If I click on Collabnet, there is a
The model is coming in a proper way and if I
If I click on it, it should go away
So this got removed, okay we have nothing here
more things we need here some more things
There should be a button here on the modal
I want do as collaborator so here I am model
gonna do the section that we created I think
we can close here is your modal
In this modal I want to say one more thing
I am saying that brother this max width is full
Removing parts with fixed end headers
are removing end users and here
I am giving you one more button, that
is here
Add
Bottom
D
un
Button In
Gave
bottom ch is fixed to modal
use absolute for
This
Text
inside the button is
Add Kolbo
Terse nice let's see how it works
Let's wait a bit
Look at me here, I just want to add two buttons
Here, two buttons have to be added for those users
I will select those users who
I will select them all here.
But add club matters should be added then
Here it has added a button and
After accepting the accept
I'm just looking at one more thing, if I
I increase the number of users here
If I increase off user then what happens here
so kind of o something like this is coming but I
I don't want this here I want this one
max height so here i am saying this
I will max out your user list
Height speaking
hmm how much is this
Max
Height 24 rum saved and overflow which will remain
Let's overflow it auto so here
Now a list should be added but one
There is a problem there is a problem here
It is happening that these particular icons are coming
these are all coming out like this look this
If it is coming like this then we will do one thing for it
You can say that this user tile is your user
which is tile and in this it came from Absolute
think it must have been given
There is no absolute part here, okay
ok here it is absolute so let's do one thing
yes, let's give it to our relative so
This work should be fixed, I think yes
The icons have been fixed and all these
Users are now seeing us as proper here
now we just have to do one more thing when
also i see there is a problem here right now
What is happening is that if I click on any user
When I do this, the model becomes close to me
We don't have to do that, what should we do if
I click on any user
also if I click on the user
He gets selected with his ID
It should be like the effect is coming on everyone right now
If he selects it like that, we will be like that
If you just click then it will get selected
If we want it then what do we do for it
Let's create a state variable here
Selected user id here so this is proper
if yes then I will do one more thing oh just tell me one thing
I want to see how the modal is closing
We are finding four places where it can be used.
is handle user click handle user click
There shouldn't be any model clues I think
If I delete this and now if I click on this
If I click OK then click on the modal
There is only one thing that is not getting close to us
And you will have to do that if the user's ID
User ID belongs to selected user
If she does it then her background is there
color is there, it should be like everyone else so what should we do
Let's do it now every p i think bg slide
You must have given it, let's copy it
And here we are doing one more thing, which is
classes these are the classes on
I am making them a little dynamic
Using templates strings
Templates
There will definitely be color on the paste and every
as well as at the dollar end here you
will say selected user id dot
Index
of user dot id or you said about it
After that you told me the user data ID
is
NOT EQUAL TO MY IF NOT EQUAL TO
So it means that he belongs to the selected user
if its id then what will we do
I will give you the color here, just which BG [ __ ]
200 just add this to y and then
If there is nothing else then just mt you
Will you return after saving?
Come here and now I am getting an error
if yes then why is error coming
see Cannot read properties of null
Readings
ok selected user id index what
The selected user ID comes first Yes
we're setting this up in an array
Now let's reload the add collecter user one
still getting error selected u index
off is not a function ok selected user
id and whatever comes here that is
This is going to be push dot push and inside the push we
pushing id
honge i not a
function ok ok ok ok ok ok here
But it won't come like this, whoever comes here will
come sometime like this
You need the selected user ID and which is your
The ID will be there
something like this so now whatever you have here
You can select the user properly and
You will select the users here
If we get selected then what do we have to do now?
I want to get the actual user shown here
and whichever one you select you can add
Click on Collabnet to add Collabnet
On click, all of them will be added to you
Now let's try a worm in the project
Come on once my friend, look here now
We created a route in the back end
In the routes part, the user routes that were
We created a route in that, that is
All brother, find all the users and bring them and
At the same time, you know that in this route we have a
What was the good thing that we did here as users
They were also asking for ID, that means look here
We can find the user who was logged in.
were and after that after that just this
you were leaving that particular user brother
Apart from this user, all other users will be
If you return them then it will be through the same route
we are going to use it to fetch all the users
to our database so how that
will look at the front end come on the front end
After coming, this user name is called a
You have created this as a state variable
I mean right now it's a constant, but
Now convert this into a state
in the variable so I'll remove it for now
I'm in the use state and I'm used to the use state
Stat Snip It a Use Ref Snip It not
Dude where is this coming from use state snipe
It is up to you users to tell it
And whatever remains will be yours, an MT
hey initial initially it's a MT hey
It will remain and whatever remains here will be the capital
Now all you have to do is stay here
If you want to use the use effect then here
In place of the use state, we will do one more thing
We will talk about use effect and use effect
later after use effect you
Use direct use effect here
use effect call
If there are some dependencies inside the back call back then
One would be MT Hey for now MT Hey's
after mt hey after here here you call
If you want to use ASE then you have to use ASE here
If yes then we will import Edge first
Eyes from Confit inside the Confit folder which
You have your xgs file, you can use that
After saving you can directly go here
Tell him to get it done with the help of brother S.
slush users sl all bring all users
Bring all the users and then give
whatever is in the giving part in the giving part
You will get the response inside the response
Do you know what will happen in the response?
users except those who are logged in
All other users except him will
Look, he has sent it in routes
If you come to controllers then here
In Users you will find all users
so what are we going to do come over here
We will speak directly here in project j6
set state a set users data users and
If by chance some error occurs then the catcher
In the part we handled and saved it.
After this we come here the front end is here
Yours does this by reloading and reloading
after that if I do add collaborat
There is going to be some error here, you know this
There is some error in this type why
because look first of all what was there before
I had it earlier, it was an ID where
Plain ID was used but now the
we have that is there p underscore
If ID is coming then underscore for ID
We need to put an underscore here as well.
Also, there will be an underscore here as well.
Do you have an ID anywhere else or not and just here
You may be getting email instead of pay name, check here
You have found a user here You have found a user here
I have received it, let's re-release the ad
In Collabnet if I now click on
So it looks proper now as soon as I click on this
I will click on it as soon as I click on it
If I do this then what should happen, this should get added
I want this on my user selected id
It has been added because look at this now
A little bit dark color is coming comparatively
it's going great but there's one problem
There's a problem here, if I make a mistake
If you click on any other user then he
So it got selected, now I need to unselect it
so if I click back beyond that
I will do it, then see, if this doesn't happen then
Do you know what we will do for this?
I had created a function called user select, in this you can
Simply tell me that this is your selection
user id is select user which id is
You can call it simply, make select
user id a set what is that brother
It does not repeat any element
hey it works but no one can do it
The element does not repeat on it
I can accept and after accepting here
We need to place another check
is check if id
already
Present if yes then remove it just this much
we said here
After clicking on accept click here
come let's reload add call me now if
If I click on this, it will be selected
no it is giving error directly, let's check it
what is the problem? is it not a problem
function selected user id index
Off
okay okay okay okay well here's one
There is a problem here now there is a problem
It is happening that we have seen a
we used index of this
will convert a
Hey hey and hey whoever comes inside t i
selected user id let's try
Again it is not getting selected and I
child in list should have a unique value
It is not getting selected
but let's go with it i am checking it once
I wonder what is he giving me in return
What we have been having
console.log selected user id saved
so what if MT hey is coming MT hey
why are you coming
is new
set id sus this
J
delete here but if I click new select user
If I get the ID consoled then it will be installed once
see
So here's one coming to a set near you
And there must have been a problem on the set
Think users, if I convert this
Tax
I shall give
Oho
save
reload set is undefined
So there is no problem with maps
there is but problem i think index of wala
Part is happening here
[music]
So the set is working properly
The set size is working properly
It became zero but he fulfilled it
Can't do it
just let's try again here
But I will try this once in the first place
I am trying to convert it into hey
happened d
Kolbet Set